Bring the beach home this Christmas with our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Ring in this Christmas with our exclusive Li Bien bell ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Add a stylish reindeer to your happy holiday collection with our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Bring the excitement of Christmas morning home with our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Count the 12 days of Christmas with our complete set of 12 Li Bien ornaments. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design and is dated 2016. Ornaments come in a handsome gift box.
Add a symbol of peace to your Christmas tree with the word "peace" written and a dove, depicted here on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
The Christmas story is told through pictures on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A nutcracker stands at attention on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Owls dressed up for the holidays are featured on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A handsome reindeer prances on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A snowman and his family make their home on our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A sweet little fox in a holiday hat adorns our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A penguin party travels around our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
A splendidly plumed peacock decorates our exclusive Li Bien ornament. Artists insert an L-shaped brush through a small opening and reverse paint the image by hand. Each ornament features a new design, is dated 2016 and comes with its own keepsake box.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely cloisonne-on-glass nativity ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of brass and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely cloisonne-on-glass poinsettia ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of brass and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely cloisonne-on-glass floral heart ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of brass and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely cloisonne bell ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of copper and enamel cloisonne, this  beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely Cloisonne Dove Ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of copper and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely Cloisonne Butterfly Ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of metal and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely Cloisonne Cross Ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of metal and enamel cloisonne, this beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Ring in the holiday season with our lovely Cloisonne Owl Ornament. Meticulously handcrafted using the traditional technique of brass and enamel cloisonne, this  beauty is sure to be a holiday favorite for years to come. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Psst. Santa told us you’ve been nice this year, so we have a little treat for you and your Christmas tree: Our exclusive, one-of-a-kind ornament. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, it’s finished with a subtle snowy shimmer and recalls the season’s most popular tradition.
Handblown and hand-painted in the Czech Republic, our winter ornament depicts a white Christmas. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Handblown and hand-painted in the Czech Republic, our snowflake ornament shimmers with silvery glitter. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Rethink your desire for a white Christmas with our delightfully tropical glass ornament. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, it boasts shimmery golden sand, palm trees and primary-colored beads. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Each snowflake is famously one of a kind, and so is our ornament. Handblown and hand-painted in Poland, it boasts a shimmery silver hue with an intricately beaded and jeweled snowflake. A Pier 1 exclusive.
To put a twist on tradition this Christmas, turn your eye—and your decor—toward the sea. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, our whimsical ornament features vivid coral, seaweed and a hanging fish in the center. A Pier 1 exclusive.
While legends abound about mermaids—literally, “women of the sea”—one thing is clear: Our mermaid ornament is an enchanting addition to your Christmas tree. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, it has just the right amount of shimmer. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Famous for being the smallest hunting breed and the favorite of England’s Queen Victoria, Dachshunds—or “Doxies”—are beloved around the world. This one is no different. Donning a festive elf hat atop a handblown, hand-painted ornament from Italy, he’s sure to be the new star of your Christmas tree.
Though they’re often associated with luxury, poodles were bred to be hard workers—with their signature haircut meant to insulate them while swimming in cold water. Impress your friends and family with this and other poodle trivia when they ask about your charming ornament, which was handblown and hand-painted in Italy. A Pier 1 exclusive.
The Chihuahua may be the world's smallest dog breed, but our sweet ornament packs a big punch of Christmas cheer. Handcrafted and hand-painted in Italy, it features a sweater-clad pup eager to join your yuletide festivities. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Golden retrievers were bred for their ability to traverse both land and water, which explains why this little guy is so happy in the snow. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, our ornament will be happy on your Christmas tree as well. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Christmas takes on beachhouse charm with our collectible glass sandpiper ornament. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, it’s a Pier 1 exclusive.
Bring the coast home for Christmas arrives with our collectible glass ornament fashioned into a fantastical sand castle. Crafted in Poland, it’s a celebration of Christmas spent seaside.
Adorned with seaside treasures, our glass ornament takes your holiday decorating in a coastal direction. Crafted in Poland, it’s a Christmas collectible with plenty of beach cottage charm.
Santa makes an American tour every year, and this year he’s donned a suit of stars and stripes to celebrate his favorite holiday. Crafted of glass in Poland, he's a patriotic addition to your Christmas tree.
Crafted in Poland, our glass Christmas tree ornament gets the red, white and blue treatment with stars and stripes. It’s a patriotic addition to your tree or a great gift for a family member or friend in the military.
Santa travels to the coast with our European glass collectible ornament. Dressed in aqueous hues with seaside treasures in tow, he’s combing the beach for everyone on his nice list.
Adorn your Christmas tree with a picturesque winter scene. Our one-of-a-kind oversized ornament features a snow-kissed landscape that celebrates being home for the holidays. Handblown and hand-painted in Italy, this exclusive collectible is found only at Pier 1.
This year, dress your Christmas tree in plenty of winter wonders. Our one-of-a-kind collectible ornament features a fantastical take on nature. Handblown and hand-painted in the Czech Republic, this snowy scene is finished with subtle shimmer. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Whether you’re celebrating your baby’s first Christmas or how you successfully bundled him up for winter weather, our ornament will commemorate the occasion. Handblown, hand-painted and glittered by Czech artisans, it's found only at Pier 1.
Whether you’re celebrating your baby’s first Christmas or how you successfully bundled her up for winter weather, our ornament will commemorate the occasion. Handblown, hand-painted and glittered by Czech artisans, it's found only at Pier 1.
Does your heart beat with red, white and blue pride? Show your patriotism by hanging it on your Christmas tree. Crafted in the Czech Republic, our exclusive heart-shaped glass ornament is handblown and features stars and stripes painted by hand.
Handcrafted of glass by Romanian artisans, our adorable ornament requires zero house training. Perfect for both the animal lover and the Christmas lover in your life. Found only at Pier 1.
Bring some cute sea life ashore and into your home with our glass octopus ornament. Handblown, hand-painted and glittered by Czech artisans, it's found only at Pier 1.
Our Santa is a charming accent near a tree or surrounded by greenery in your entryway. Handcrafted of iron and mango wood, he's rustic but rust-resistant. No wonder he's a Pier 1 exclusive.
Our tree collar is a unique take on the traditional tree skirt. Embroidered poinsettia and pine motif on a cotton cover is fitted over a metal frame. It’s a stunning way to cover your tree stand. Made exclusively for Pier 1, it's stylish yet unique—just like you.
What a heavenly host! Handcrafted of wrought iron with a golden foiled finish and glittering gems, it will add shine to your holiday celebrations. It’s the season to sparkle so give your buffet, entryway table or mantel a heavenly golden glow. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Give your holiday tree a sophisticated update by replacing the traditional skirt with our novel beaded collar. This chic rendition handcrafted of iron that we’ve hand-painted, then encrusted with silver resin and glass beads—plus glitter—will add a luxe touch to your living space.
Some ornaments are so lovely you don’t want them to blend in with the tree. Our golden ornament tree gives you a place to display up to 12 ornaments that deserve center stage. It’s also a lovely place to put ornaments that will be given as favors to guests and family or to hang heirlooms that need a delicate touch. You know what would be perfect for this tree? Our Li Bien 12 Days of Christmas Ornament Set (sold separately).
A striking decoration for a more rustic Christmas, our deer head is handcrafted from natural vines and accented with pine boughs, berries and ribbon. It's gorgeous as a centerpiece, as the star of your holiday entryway or as a unique tree topper.
Sporting a plaid suit with furry trim, our bespectacled Saint Nicholas has a Highland flair about him. But he’s far from rough and rugged. He’s handcrafted of porcelain, embellished with real pinecones and able to instantly transform your holiday decor.
Even Santa needs a wardrobe change now and then. Our handcrafted, one-of-a-kind Santa is clad in smart gray plaid with gray faux fur trim and velvet gray trousers. He’s bearing both gifts and decorations to help make this the happiest of holidays while still mixing things up a bit. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Even Santa needs a wardrobe change now and then. Our handcrafted, one-of-a-kind Santa is clad in smart gray plaid with gray faux fur trim and velvet gray trousers. He’s bearing both gifts and decorations to help make this the happiest of holidays while still mixing things up a bit. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Santa’s in his workshop getting everything ready for the happy holidays ahead. Handcrafted from the tip of the jingle bell on his hat to the toes of his buckled boots, our jolly elf sports green velvet overalls and a red, polka-dot shirt. He’s coming to town to deck the halls with a stocking, garland and presents for someone who’s been good. Is that you?
From our Yule Tides Collection comes  a handcrafted, tabletop tree decorated for the holidays. What makes our tree special for beach lovers? It’s “planted” in a terracotta seashell. A Pier 1 exclusive, it would make a great hostess gift for that friend who loves coastal vacations.
Our tabletop faux tree, prettily decorated with ornaments and a star on top, features Santa standing right beside it. Handcrafted so no two are exactly alike, it twinkles with LEDs and will offer a joyful celebration of the season on your console, entryway or dining table.
Although the kid in you would like to jump on and ride, our rocking horse is not a toy. Instead, this mango wood beauty, carefully carved and painted, will add a touch of childhood charm to your other holiday decor.
Our intricately handcrafted and hand-painted mango wood Santa is ready to bring his presents to your home. Just place him on a mantel, console table or buffet and let him spread the magic and wonder of the season.
Our exclusive representation of the Magi is beautifully handcrafted of galvanized iron sheet, painted red and gold, then decorated with natural capiz. Its elegance represents the importance of the three kings to the Christian Christmas tradition.
Elegant and iconic, our handcrafted Holy Family harks back to the highly stylized religious art of the 1960s with colors and finishes that are totally today. Note the delicacy of the figures and the selective detail of the halo, swaddling and shepherd's crook.
Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1, our galvanized iron sheet backdrop comprises three arched panels with decorative scrolling. Painted gold with a star topping the middle panel, it will provide the perfect setting for your nativity figures. Hinged for versatility, it stores easily.
Each of our Magi is beautifully handcrafted of galvanized iron sheet, painted gold and decorated with natural capiz. Their elegance represents the importance of the three kings to the Christian Christmas tradition. A Pier1 exclusive.
First published in 1780 as a chant, “The Twelve Days of Christmas” has become a favorite carol. Intricately handcrafted, our mango wood blocks reflect the 12 gifts presented. Use as a versatile part of your decor—keep together or place a different “gift” in 12 different places.
Our exclusive representation of the Holy Family is beautifully handcrafted of galvanized iron sheet, painted red, green and gold, then decorated with natural capiz. Its elegance reflects the exquisite miracle celebrated by Christians all over the world.
Look who’s come to visit: Three kings meticulously handcrafted and dressed to impress in graceful robes featuring timeless damask and quatrefoil patterns in iridescent capiz. And like any polite guest, they don’t come empty-handed. Find them a place in an entryway, living room or wherever you need a regal touch. A Pier 1 exclusive.
For those who think life is better on the beach, you don't have to give up your coastal passion during the holidays. Our handcrafted wreath seamlessly blends coastal romance with yuletide traditions, boasting traditional greenery and ornaments alongside faux shells and starfish. Plus, it’s pre-lit for your beach-combing convenience. To all, a good night.
We know you’re hip. That’s why you’ll groove to our square holiday wreath. Handcrafted and decorated with ornaments, natural pinecones and faux berries, it twinkles with lights and will add holiday cheer above your mantel, hanging in your entryway or lying flat on a table. Cool. Super-cool.
Your pooch deserves a rocking stocking. Ours features a French bulldog sporting a festive bow and is topped with a burst of white fluff. It’s ready to be filled with treats, chew toys and maybe a fancy new collar.
Here’s a sweet stocking for your loyal Labrador or any Labrador lover you know. It features a patient pup wearing a floppy stocking hat decorated with a yarn pompom and is topped with a burst of white fluff. It’s ready to be filled with treats, chew toys and maybe a fancy new collar.
Happy holidays to your best friend. Our delightful doggie stocking boasts a jolly Maltese in fluffy earmuffs and a stylish scarf. It has a fluffy top and room for plenty of treats. Hmm, does that remind you of anyone?
Our stocking features a charming beagle ready for the season in an adorable Santa hat. It’s a generous stocking that’s just waiting to be filled with some treats, chew toys and maybe a fancy new collar.
Our half tree offers a whole lot of holiday charm. Handcrafted with hundreds of clear lights, its slender faux pine figure fits flush against a wall or in an unused corner. Pre-lit and space-saving? This year’s tree decorating could take just half the time.
Celebrate the season with some sparkle by decorating our golden tree with all your favorite ornaments. The stunning color is enhanced by perfectly placed lights to make a standout impression and ensure your holiday season is as good as gold.
Our flocked, pre-lit pine is ready to shine amid your holiday decor. Add your favorite festive holiday ornaments to dress it up, or keep it naturally beautiful and let it shine on its own. It has everything you need to create the perfect seasonal scene.
Set your seasonal decorating dial to shimmer and place our bright, white, pre-lit tree out in your favorite holiday scene. Prelit with 400 twinkling LEDs on 1010 branch tips, it makes a stunning impression all by itself. Or add your favorite decorations, sit back and prepare to be amazed.
Land of the free. Home of the brave. Our galvanized iron sign boasts some of what’s most beautiful about the USA.
Get that Fourth of July dazzle without having to light a single match. Add our lightweight decor to mantels or party tables for added flash. Did you want more bang for your decorating buck? Well, here it is.
Ever since it appeared on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782, the bald eagle has been a powerful national symbol. That makes it a fitting choice for our patriotic wall decor, which also includes a star-spangled shield. Display it proudly to celebrate on Independence Day—or all year long.
Perched on a mantel or showcased in a patriotic centerpiece, our shimmery, galvanized iron rocket man will make your Fourth of July decor take flight.
Get ready to see sparks. Decked out in stars and stripes and a touch of shimmer, our glittery little man brings patriotic flair to mantels, centerpieces and window sills.
While The Star-Spangled Banner is the most popular song this time of year, we’ve got a new sound to brighten your Fourth of July. Our festive wind chimes are crafted by hand of natural capiz and galvanized iron—perfect for ringing in Independence Day from patios, trees and porches. You'll also hear compliments.
When it’s time to celebrate, make your intentions clear. Hang this Pier 1 exclusive banner from walls, halls and doorways for an extra-festive touch.
Along with apple pie and baseball, the hot dog is a classic symbol of Americana. However you like yours, our charming, vintage-style sign shows off all the best recipes.
These guests are flying in for fall, and they’re ready to celebrate. Formed by hand of polystyrene foam and real feathers, our quail set is ready to blend in with all your fall festivities.
We heard through the grapevine that these cute pumpkins can’t wait to be yours. Handcrafted from natural grapevine and raffia, they're perfect to group on a shelf, end table or kitchen counter.
Extend a warm autumn welcome to friends and family with our heartwarming wooden wall decor. Crafted to resemble whitewashed planks with life-size sunflowers, it’s a colorful reminder that autumn—and your guests—are always welcome. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Welcome the harvest season with a touch of charm. Chalkboard-style writing makes its mark next to some of our favorite fall staples: A pumpkin and leaves in vibrant autumn hues.
What are you thankful for this year? Our exclusive wooden wall decor delivers a hearty helping of harvest-style nostalgia. Featuring realistic corn cobs, it’s a welcome addition to your seasonal decor.
What are you thankful for this year? Our exclusive wooden wall decor delivers a hearty helping of harvest-style nostalgia. Featuring a realistic sheaf of wheat and faded script, it’s a welcome addition to your seasonal decor.
Mr. Foxley is the epitome of civility—and craftsmanship. So invite him to join you for a spot of tea. Impeccably handcrafted from sisal and twig with a dapper cotton jacket, he brings an air of chivalry and charm to your afternoon festivities. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Bespectacled and wearing a plaid vest, Professor Raccoon takes his literary pursuits quite seriously. But don’t think for a second that he’s left his mischievous side behind. Come fall, he could forgo his book in favor of creating some nocturnal indoor adventure.
This way to the pumpkin patch! A brilliant addition to your entryway or living room, our pre-lit sign is perfect for a fall season full of celebrations. Just add an assortment of your favorite Pier 1 pumpkins.
Handcrafted from capiz, our exclusive acorn set is a shining example of fall flourishing in your home. Incorporate them into a centerpiece or atop a mantel or shelf for a fresh harvest of decor.
Embellish your fall decor with our handcrafted jute leaves. These colorful additions give wreaths, centerpieces and floral arrangements a seasonal flourish.
Our natural raccoon is one smart little fellow with an impressive tail. He’ll look equally as smart in your festive fall display. Group him with our other natural animals for a forest of fun.
Look who’s come up from his burrow. Our adorable hand-crafted chipmunk with a plaid bow tie wants to help celebrate the fall season. And he came dressed to impress.
Nothing welcomes fall more than a pumpkin—especially one that’s brilliantly hued and handcrafted out of banana leaves and twigs. On a table or mantel alone or as part of a centerpiece, our charming pumpkin is ready to help set the scene for your warm, cozy gatherings.
Call us crazy, but we like a fox with a faux fur tail—especially when the seasons change and there’s a chill in the air. Handcrafted of natural sisal, our tabletop rascal brings a natural element into your home or office. And that’s not inviting trouble or for making mischief. Nope, this fox is simply cute.
Let's talk turkey—one that can be enjoyed for seasons to come. Handcrafted of organic materials that harmonize to create a textured body and colorful plume, our remarkable bird is perfect on a mantel, desk, bookshelf or entryway table. Add a few maple leaves and several votive candles, and you’re (pardon the expression) done.
It’s easy to see why our handcrafted capiz shell pumpkin deserves a front-and-center spot all season long. Deep, rich color adds pizzazz to your fall decor. Shine on.
Animal lovers are sure to go nuts over this little guy. With an exceptionally soft faux fur tail, our squirrel is a balance of cute textural contrast. Help celebrate the arrival of fall by giving him a home on a shelf, mantel or windowsill.
Handcrafted of sisal, twigs and feathers meticulously set around a foam core, our owl with a baby makes a charming nod to fall when displayed on a shelf, mantel or windowsill. In fact, this duo is so cute, we’re fairly sure no one will give a hoot if you let them  watch over your room all year long.
Do you hear the call of the wild? If so, our trio of bushy-tailed rascals is looking for a den to share, so invite them inside to romp atop a table, mantel or shelf. Handcrafted of jute, sisal and grass, they make a naturally cute statement that signals the arrival of fall.
Our shimmering, copper-colored angel makes it her mission to spread an aura of peace and abundance. Crafted by hand of textured, etched and filigreed iron, she serves as a steadfast reminder of life’s most precious blessings.
It’s not too early to start planning for the fall holidays. Gather up our pretty golden garland, adorned in green, amber and brown beads. It’s a wonderful way to add warmth and an instant decorative touch to a table setting, mantel or shelf.
Crafted by hand with beads, leaves and a hint of glitter, our harvest-inspired mini wreath adds seasonal embellishment to a pillar candle—easily making it the center of attention.
It's good to give thanks, so why not say it in a way that others can appreciate? Made of wood blocks painted with letters and connected by a natural abaca cord, our fall-inspired garland is well-suited for hanging across a mantel, doorway or window—or even in your office space. It's a banner idea, wouldn't you say?
Knock, knock. Who's at the front door? A colorful wooden sign designed to remind that leaves are falling and autumn is calling. How festive is that?
Our remarkable decorative turkey is hand-carved by artisans in the wood-carving capital of the Philippines, Paete, which means "chisel." Made from mango wood with a hand-rubbed finish, each unique rendering is meticulously crafted.
Handcrafted with feathers, our eye-catching gobbler knows how to make an impression. And it’s one turkey that won’t mind being on your table. Whether that’s as part of your Thanksgiving tablescape or a fall display is up to you.
Your harvest style may not be set in stone, but our woodland turkey is. Whether perched by your fireplace, amid a Thanksgiving display or in your study, it makes an instant impact. Just another unique way to feather your nest.
Dressed to impress, our handcrafted fox boasts glittered poplar wood rosettes, grass ears, a bushy tail and cute bow tie. Hang him over your mantel, along a hallway or, you know, somewhere really clever.
It’s a banner year for giving thanks. Jump on the bandwagon with our colorful pennant, perfect for hanging from a mantel, doorway or even a sideboard in the dining room. It’s a winner no matter where you display it.
Inspired by the horn of plenty, our classic piece is overflowing with fruit—and charm. Made of mango wood and finished with an antiqued look that delivers depth, dimension and a hint of sophistication. Display it in your hallway or kitchen. Just don’t be surprised if you find yourself craving seconds.
With handcrafted pinecone "quills," our handsome hedgehog wouldn't dream of arriving at a party empty-handed. He carries a colorful fall garland and will add charm to your table, mantel or tablescape.
Our gorgeously handblown glass pumpkin has a glimmering surface and a one-of-a-kind shaped stem. Add this elegant piece to your seasonal arrangements and expect a bountiful harvest of compliments.
The colors of the season are captured in our lustrous glass pumpkin. It's the season to add this handblown piece to your pumpkin collection. Let its iridescence grace your autumn arrangements this year and beyond.
Did you know that hares not only have longer ears than rabbits, but their fur color also changes throughout the year? Our handcrafted, natural grass hopper maintains his cuteness year round though his vibrant leaf necklace is particularly suited to your autumn decor.
In a nutshell, our angel is a symbol of peace and innocence. Standing with her hands clasped, she’ll grace your mantel with a warm, welcoming spirit for seasons to come.
Whether it's the richness of the green color or the crackled rock-candy texture of the glass, our art pumpkin creates an inordinate amount of visual impact for its size.
Our tall decorative bear is a happy guy rubbing his full belly. Handcrafted of natural grass and twig atop a foam core and detailed with a festive collar of autumn foliage, he's your official greeter to welcome guests this fall.
Calling all moose lovers! The moose is the largest member of the deer family and the largest mammal in North America. What better way to celebrate such amazing animals than by capturing their greatness in our wonderful natural decor adorned with festive, autumn accents.
Show your appreciation of forest critters with our adorably curious fox. He wears a festive ribbon of autumn foliage. One may do, but as part of a group of friends, he’ll add abundant charm and texture to your harvest decor.
Whether it's the richness of the amber color or the crackled rock-candy texture of the handblown glass, our spectacular pumpkin creates an inordinate amount of visual impact for its size.
Celebrate the season of abundance by displaying our handblown glass pumpkin. Colorful, petite and charming, it's perfect for arranging on a desk, atop a chest of drawers or on a shelf or ledge—and further proof that sometimes the best things do come in the smallest packages.
As beautiful and important as they are in nature, acorns deserve to be celebrated with special materials and artistic consideration. Our handblown acorn is made from beautifully crackled amber glass. Place several in a centerpiece or on a mantel or countertop.
Strange how a skeleton can liven up your space, isn’t it? But our handcrafted portrait does just that. Featuring a skeleton lady dressed in her Victorian best, it brings a bone-chilling yet fun-loving element to your hallway or mantel.
Strange how a skeleton can liven up your space, isn’t it? But our handcrafted portrait does just that. Featuring a skeleton gentleman dressed in his Victorian best, it brings a bone-chilling yet fun-loving element to your hallway or mantel.
Heighten your Halloween decor with our handcrafted sisal trees. Adorned with festive ornaments, they’re a simply bewitching addition to your entryway, console table or mantel.
Our exclusive, hand-painted wedding couple snow globe is the perfect accent for any Day of the Dead or Halloween celebration. During Dia de Los Muertos, the dead remember and celebrate the same activities as when they were alive. Many happy returns.
Real pumpkins just don't stack up to the charm and fun of our hand-painted, pre-lit topiary. Set it just inside your door, and give your friends, family and trick-or-treaters a warm Halloween welcome. Come on, who could resist those crooked smiles?
Welcome to the pumpkin patch. Take a look inside and see the proud guy in all his glory. Our exclusive, hand-painted snow globe is the perfect accent for any spirited Halloween display. By the way, Jack prefers things shaken, not stirred.
Maple leaves take on an unexpected hue in our glittery handcrafted wreath. Hang from walls and doors for a traditional statement, or lay it flat as part of a unique Halloween centerpiece.
Based on an Irish folktale about a man named Stingy Jack, jack-o'-lanterns have been part of Halloween tradition for centuries. Perch our hand-painted, stacked version inside your front door, visible to your trick-or-treaters. Or arrange it as part of a frightfully fun fireplace display. At the end of the evening, he’ll give you a smile–or three—that reminds you how much fun you’ve had. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Maple leaves take on an unexpected hue in our handcrafted garland. Arrange on mantels or soffits, or gather into a unique Halloween centerpiece.
Our exclusive cloche has danger written all over it. But fear not. This family-friendly decoration makes a spooky statement from a mantel or bookshelf or arranged as part of a unique centerpiece. However you use it, it’s sure to be killer at parties.
Bring home a touch of Parisian romance with our unique wall hanging. It’s crafted with a rustic pine rod and Victorian-style floral print—an instant conversation starter and a Pier 1 Exclusive.
Christmas may be the most wonderful time, but Halloween is the downright spookiest. Show this dark holiday some love with our wooden wall decor, painted in classic black and orange and exclusive to Pier 1 Imports.
Why should our beloved pups be left out of Halloween’s most exciting tradition? Our mischievous little hound is handcrafted from natural sisal, with a feathery orange collar and bat wings. Too sweet to be spooky, but festive nonetheless.
They look sweet enough to eat but try not to. Our adorable handcrafted spiral sisal trees are painted to resemble a familiar Halloween treat. Let this pair sweeten your autumn arrangements.
This charming fellow is a real treat. We're not sure if he's a ghost pumpkin or a pumpkin ghost, but does it really matter when he has such a lovely smile? He's dressed to the nines in a sparkling violet suit, smart checkered bow tie and snazzy top hat. We do know he's a great pumpkin, and that's why he's a Pier 1 exclusive.
More sparkly than spooky, our handcrafted, pre-lit Victorian home boasts fun patterned decor and trendy landscaping. Set it on your entryway table, mantel or dining room table and wait for it to be greeted with Halloween smiles and giggles.
Handcrafted with sisal and fitted with an eye patch and tricorn hat, our pirate pup is a true sea dog. Add a few to your Halloween crew, or give them to your pooch-loving friends. Happy Howloween!
Mrs. Condor respectfully requests an invitation to grace your walls with her unearthly presence.  Donning a mask and packing her favorite rodent, she'll be joining her creepy companions at the Halloween menagerie masquerade.
What is it that makes him so irresistible? Is it his lumpy complexion or those big, bulging eyes? Perhaps it's that confidence that he's the handsomest creature you've ever set your eyes on. So just give in and invite this suave fellow into your home.
It's Halloween! What better time to mix the enchanting with the eerie? With a stylish all-black wardrobe, our crow is ready to be invited to all the choicest Halloween soirees. Perched on a vintage-inspired cage, it would be the perfect centerpiece to loom over spooky settings.
What a spooky, sweet way to transform an everyday chair into something a little more seasonal. Just slip the fabric pocket over the back, and suddenly, there's a black cat perched and ready for Halloween mischief.
We’re not sure how wise this guy is, but he’s definitely clever. He knows that with just one look, he can make you smile. Of course, we know you’re really the smart one. You’ve already started planning where you can display our feathered-and-glittered owl for maximum  effect.
There's always that one house at the end of the block—you know the one. Dare to scare with ours. Two ghostly hosts grace the front, inviting the whole neighborhood over. Our haunted house is lit from within so you know there's a light to lead you to this spooky shindig.
This Halloween, being an ordinary witch is not for you. Go for our wicked cool hat instead. Covered in purple glitter, feathers and netting, you'll captivate others wiyj an enchanting spell. But hurry—it’s only at Pier 1 for a brief time. Then it will disappear, like magic.
More sparkly than spooky, our handcrafted, pre-lit bungalow boasts fun, patterned decor and a few high-flying bats. Set it on your entryway table, mantel or dining room table and wait for it to be greeted with Halloween smiles and giggles.
More sparkly than spooky, our handcrafted, pre-lit home, complete with trendy landscaping, welcomes spiders, witches and black cats. Brighten your home with this glittery haunted house—set it on your entryway table, mantel or dining room table and wait for it to be greeted with Halloween smiles and giggles.
Oh dear, our witch seems to have melted away, leaving behind a single glimmering, glowing boot. All the better to see you with (cackle, cackle).
A glass cloche is used to cover something precious—a beautiful dessert, a crystal clock, a decorative arrangement—so it makes sense that we’ve used one to display our trio of miniature golden and silver-tone skulls. It’s made even more special because it’s a Pier 1-of-a-kind.
A glass cloche is used to cover something precious—a beautiful dessert, a crystal clock, a decorative arrangement—so it makes sense that we’ve used one to display our haunted house. Lit from within with an LED, it’s nicely landscaped and has a bat swooping overhead. Precious, indeed.
Our artfully pierced cloth Halloween decoration brings a sense of drama that elevates the spookiest time of the year.
We make no bones about it—our skull trio is frightfully fun. Handcrafted to create a spooky, cool ambience, they can also provide a striking vertical element to Halloween displays, mantelscapes or bookshelves.
Not much looks wiser than a snowy plumed owl in a top hat. Handcrafted with actual feathers, our dapper dresser is prepared to perch on a bookshelf, in a Halloween centerpiece or wherever you require a cute little hoot.
Gothic and glam are a match made in Halloween heaven. Take our black lace wreath. Its spooky yet stylish combination of cobwebs, faux florals and glittered leaves offers instant enchantment to a door or mantel. At the same time, a few bright orange accents provide a punch of seasonal color.
Sometimes you just have to spell it out for your friends. Our pennant banner does just that in fun Halloween style. It’s tricky, but we pulled it off just in time.
Believe it or not, our stylish Lucretia's dark look can actually lighten the mood. After all, she’s quite the handcrafted conversation starter. You see, she may be dressed in her Victorian best, but make no bones about it, she’s forever in fashion.
There are few more dapper than our handcrafted Mr. Remington. He's all dressed up and ready to pay you a visit. It takes time to look this good in his top hat, high-collared jacket and waistcoat. Don't tell him nevermore—invite him in.
One look at this house and you'll want to be invited to any party these hosts are throwing. Done up in glitter and festive colors with two sugar skull pumpkins keeping watch, it's an absolutely fanciful addition to any Day of the Dead setting where grim meets glitter.
Ours is quite possibly the perfect Day of the Dead arrangement. Colorful vibrant faux blossoms celebrate life in gorgeous contrast to our gentleman skeleton that’s dressed for the occasion in a feathered top hat. If you like to mix a little grim with glitter, this Pier 1 exclusive is a perfect choice.
Enter if you dare! Our creepy but cute cottage is hand-painted, bedecked with bats and glitter and emits an eerie glow. What better way to celebrate Halloween than to invite a few of your ghoul friends over for drinks and shrieks?
Our spooky curtain is sheerly spectacular. Hang it in any window or doorway, and your house instantly becomes a haunted mansion. The creaky front door is up to you.
Oh what a tangled web our mantel scarf weaves. abevy of spiders is suspended from an eerie, dangling spiderweb, creating the perfect accent for your Halloween mantel. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Time to scream it from the dungeon depths: Have an EEK-tastic Halloween! Our ribboned banner will welcome ghosts and ghouls alike to your haunted house party.
This black cat would like you to give up old notions and consider that you'll be lucky once she crosses your path. Double the luck, since she has a little black kitten of her own all dressed up in a ruff. Is this a witch in a cat costume or a cat in a witch costume? Let's just go with, "It's Halloween," and enjoy the spooky season with her.
Who says humans should have all the fun during Halloween? Our odd owl is looking for a wall to haunt. Will it be yours?
Halloween has never been the season for subtlety, so go full-out glam with a black-lace-over-silver-finish pumpkin. We couldn't stop there so we added a black flower for flourish, a butterfly charm and a liberal sprinkling of sequins. Now that's bewitching.
Our decorative pumpkin shimmers from every angle. You won't need to light this pumpkin—its sparkling finish brightens any room.
We have just what you need to top off your Halloween decorating. Our witch's hat is bright orange with black scrollwork, a bodacious bow and plenty of witchy netting. You don't do Halloween by halves, and neither do we.
What is a witch without the perfect hat? However, this one is for decorating your home, not your head. Use it as a spellbinding centerpiece, or hang it from the mantel so it looks like someone may have forgotten something. Black cat not included, but encouraged.
Beautiful architecture and landscaping can’t hide the creepy vibe that emanates from our Tudor mansion. Hand-painted and pre-lit from within, it will do its glittery best to set a spooky tone on your entryway or buffet table. CAUTION: You probably shouldn’t tell your guests who—or what—lives within its walls. Right?
What evil lurks behind the walls of our hand-painted, pre-lit mansion? Whatever it is, the spiders outside seem pretty interested. Have they captured something in their webs? Set this glittery home on your entryway table, mantel or dining room table for a spooky effect.
Dressed in her spooky best, our green-complexioned witch hasn’t come to your party empty-handed—she’s brought her book of spells. At a substantial 22" high, she sparkles in a full-skirted gown with sequin trim topped with a netted scarf. We’ve heard she likes to boogie—won’t you save the last dance for her?
Bedeck your wall with seasonal cheer—or is it seasonal fear? Perched on a skull, a lone raven holds court over our Garden of Evil galvanized iron sheet wall decor. Colorful butterflies flit around indicating there might be life there after all.
Promoting black roses and other wicked, beautiful flowers, our Hawthorne Gardens galvanized iron sheet wall decor promises to create an eerie atmosphere for your Halloween festivities. Hang it in an entryway so your guests will know what to expect—the unexpected.
Drape our bewitching beaded scarf over your mantel, top with your most ghoulish pieces and, abracadabra, you’ve got spooktacular beauty. We guarantee it’ll be a Halloween spectacle your guests will never forget.
Ever had breakfast with a witch? How about dinner? Cast a spell on your home with our bewitchingly cute chair decoration. Top each chair and create the perfect setting for your table—because it wouldn’t be Halloween without a few witches hanging around.
If we had our fairy godmother’s wand, we’d turn ordinary pumpkins into sparkly, glittery ones. But wait, we don’t have to—we already have some. And they do a little magic of their own—instantly brightening your tables, mantel and fall displays. Your wish is granted.
You never know who’ll show up at the door on Halloween. Witches, ghosts, spiders and pumpkins—a tall, funny pumpkin with a goofy grin to be exact. Our folk art-inspired, papier-mache pumpkin man will be a fun addition to your Halloween decor—welcome him in.
You never know who’ll show up at the door on Halloween. Witches, ghosts, spiders and black cats—a tall, funny kitty with a goofy grin to be exact. Our folk art-inspired papier-mache black cat will be a fun addition to your Halloween decor—welcome him in.
We're not going out on a limb when we say our sparkly Halloween decor is fab, fun and frightening. But you decide the ambience it lends your home—twinkling centerpiece anchor or, in the right light, twisted shadowy accent.
You'll be over the moon when you find the perfect perch in your home for our cute kitty. He'll bring Halloween decorating perfection to any place you choose—from the mantel to the tabletop.
Our jet-black garland is designed to bring a bit of dark magic to your room. Hang it over the mantel, weave it through your banister or lay it across the windowsill. Thick and lush with reflective purple and green ornaments, it will bewitch your guests.
Hunting for a frightfully fun way to welcome costumed characters and party guests? Our enchanting witch hat wreath does the trick. Its glittered ornaments, dangling legs and pointy black hat cast a snazzy spell on your covered front door—no newt eyes or dragon teeth required.
No time to carve a traditional jack-o'-lantern this year? You’re in luck because our pre-lit, smiling pumpkin will make a welcome addition to your Halloween festivities. Place it inside by the front door to greet guests, or arrange it as part of a spooky centerpiece. No seed-scooping necessary.
Our jet-black Halloween garland makes a dramatic decorative statement, thanks to its cornucopia of shimmering glass balls, dazzling faux pumpkins and glittering curls in contrasting orange. Goblins, ghouls and anyone with more than a little good taste will no doubt be impressed.
While the black cat and his bad reputation can be traced to witch hunts in the Dark Ages, he has since been repurposed as the face of Halloween mischief. With that in mind, he’ll surely be right at home draped over your mantel with five of his friends in the form of our festive mantel scarf. Cross his path as often as you’d like—if you dare.
Some people may think that the Day of the Dead is a little bit dark for a holiday, but we're here to prove them wrong. Our pre-lit skull seems to shine with otherworldly light that is sure to brighten up your home.
At your next Halloween party, give your guests the royal treatment—royally spooky, that is. With a dapper top hat and trendy chevron frame, our skeleton wall decor makes a memorable addition to your room. Arrange it as part of a gallery-style wall for an even more creative look.
This fellow is formal down to the bone. It’s the perfect wall decor to hang for Halloween. Actually, it’s scary how perfect it is for the season.
With roots in ancient Aztec culture, the Day of the Dead is a celebration of life. During this time, families traditionally honor departed loved ones with food, music and storytelling, while decorating with calaveras—or sugar skulls. These colorful, happy skeletons are meant to welcome visiting spirits, and our wooden version is sure to find a welcome place on any wall in your home.
Let our life-size black cat bring good luck to your Halloween celebration. Crafted of wood and iron with a curious face and puffed-up tail, it has festive LEDs for easy visibility at night—unlike most black cats.
Add eerie ambience and gothic elegance to your Halloween displays with our wooden candelabra. Exclusively crafted for Pier 1, it features pre-lit painted tapers that create a spooky glow—without the wax mess. Perfect as a centerpiece, mantel accent or side table attraction.
You know what they say about witches, right? That the word comes from Old English for “wise woman.” We think our handcrafted wooden witch silhouette would be a wise addition to your stash of Halloween treats. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Trick or treat, smell my feet, give me something good to—EEK! With its festive hues and spooky catch phrases, our wooden chalkboard sign is a great way to welcome guests to your next Halloween soiree.
Erase any doubts about your sense of Halloween style with our chalkboard-inspired wall hanging. Even though it has a vintage feel, this is one decoration you’ll be happy to display year after year.
No time to carve a traditional jack-o'-lantern this year? You’re in luck because we have a pre-lit, smiling pumpkin to brighten your Halloween festivities. Place it inside the front door to greet guests or arrange it as part of a spooky centerpiece. No seed-scooping required.
Sugar skulls are a representation of traditional Mexican folk art, featuring big smiles, colorful detailing and glittery adornments. The accents on our wreath, including twigs, faux leaves and faux roses, elevate the classic design while keeping Day of the Dead customs alive.
Need to see a friendly face that lights up when you come home? Just flick the switch on our Day of the Dead skull, and it will shine day or night.
Guess who wins best Halloween costume this year? If you didn’t say your mantel, then you’re going to need our scarf. It transforms an ordinary mantel into a bewitching one—ready to create some midnight magic with all your eerie Halloween decor.
Our spooky skeleton is hopelessly in love with Halloween. In fact, he’s over the moon with his favorite holiday. It’s the one day of the year that he can just be himself. Accompanied by his best wing man, he’s sure to delight your guests wherever he goes.
These stacked Day of the Dead pumpkins are sure to play nicely with all your favorite holiday decorations. Find the perfect spot for them and infuse your Halloween with glittery sparkle and eerie charm.
Conjure up a bit of magic this Halloween with our decorative witch. Now that she's perfected her potions and put her cauldron away, she just wants to rest for a spell. Set her on your tabletop or mantel, and everyone will see that she’s a real charmer.
Our black cat has abandoned its path to sit a spell on your table or mantel. Adorned with a striped hat and colorful boa, this feline is ready to party.
Inspired by the disguises worn during the original Carnival of Venice, our collectible masks are made in Venice, Italy, and are intricately painted and embellished by hand. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Perhaps you’ve been tempted by our beautiful Italian masks but wondered how you’d display them. Wonder no more. Our handcrafted, hand-painted wrought iron mask stand is specially made for displaying masks on dressers, entryway tables and anywhere you can imagine.
Inspired by the disguises worn during the original Carnival of Venice, our collectible and wearable masks are made in Venice, Italy, and are intricately painted and embellished by hand. Each mask is signed and dated by the artist. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Lavender oil—the breathtaking scent of a handpicked bouquet of lavender, geranium and chamomile blossoms.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Patchouli oil—a blend of earthy patchouli leaves and French vanilla, balanced by almond-like tonka and just a hint of musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser set with a Pier 1 favorite, our own Asian Spice® oil—a fusion of clove and grassy vetiver, spiced with hints of patchouli, coriander and sweet musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sea Air™ oil—a breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sugared Cinnamon oil—a fragrance of cinnamon and nutmeg, sweetened by crystallized sugar and blended with a dash of vanilla and caramel.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Enchanted Paradise™ oil—a pleasing fragrance of opulent amber and sandalwood infused with a luscious blend of musk and the sweetest of florals.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sea Grass oil—a coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Pineapple Basil oil—a tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our White Nectarine oil—A melange of nectarine, honey melon and lime blossom, subtly accented with Tahitian musk, white flowers and ylang-ylang.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Cypress oil—the rejuvenating scent of Italian cypress trees, brightened by cool citrus and mint.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Cuban Vanilla oil—the delectable scent of authentic vanilla bean blended with warm woods and amber.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Evening Ember oil—a cozy fragrance subtly scented with smoky amber, spiced ginger and hints of zesty orange.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Honey &amp; Pear oil—a perfectly balanced blend of Anjou pear and fresh fruits in a base of warm honey and spices.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Agave Melon oil—a luscious, indulgent scent of ripened casaba melon and agave.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Turquoise Springs oil—a  fragrant blend of fresh citron, blue lavender and oakmoss, layered atop Tahitian gardenia, ebony driftwood and sandalwood.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Glacier Mint oil—a fragrance of glacier water blended with mint and grapefruit, with notes of clary sage and blue lavender.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sunflower Fields oil—an exuberant sunflower-inspired fragrance with hints of sunny amber and plum.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Tuscan Spice oil—a soft, woody scent, sweetened with cherry blossoms and warmed with spices.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Patchouli oil—a blend of earthy patchouli leaves and French vanilla, balanced by almond-like tonka and just a hint of musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sugared Cinnamon oil—a combination of cinnamon and nutmeg, sweetened by crystallized sugar and blended with a dash of vanilla and caramel.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Vanilla Creme oil—a comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sea Air™ oil—an exotic blend of fresh floral and berry blossoms atop a sumptuous woody base.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Amber Musk oil—a fragrant blend of earthy amber, sandalwood and vetiver, interwoven with musk, frankincense and delicate neroli.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Enchanted Paradise™ oil—opulent amber and sandalwood infused with a luscious blend of musk and the sweetest of florals.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Asian Spice® oil—a fusion of clove and grassy vetiver, spiced with hints of patchouli, coriander and sweet musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Lavender oil—The breathtaking scent of a handpicked bouquet of lavender, geranium and chamomile blossoms.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Island Orchard® oil—a warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Oceans oil—a tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Coconut Isles™ oil—a fresh blend of creamy coconut milk, vanilla, warm vetiver and sweet orange.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Ginger Peach® oil—a full-flavored blend of sweet peach, fresh ginger and just a hint of black tea fragrances.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Citrus Cilantro® oil—a lively mix of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant basil, cilantro and rosemary.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with a subtly spiced scent highlighted by cardamom, clove and nutmeg, filled with the warmth of woods and lightened by sheer jasmine and white musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with the light, luscious sweetness of fresh orange and strawberry, alongside light florals, oakmoss and sandalwood.
Combine these natural rattan reeds with any one of our signature scented diffuser oils and a pretty glass bottle for worry-free home fragrance.
These decorative white dahlia reeds are designed to perk up your favorite diffuser. Just add them to the bottle for a look that's cute and a fragrance that's fresh.
These decorative peony flower reeds are designed to perk up your favorite diffuser. Just add them to the bottle for a look that's cute and a room fragrance that's fresh.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A full-flavored blend of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea—all in a pretty potpourri that fills a room with worry-free fragrance.
Fragrance, just as nature intended. A lingering scent of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant cilantro, basil and rosemary. The perfect mingling of tangy and lively—all in a pretty potpourri that fills a room with worry-free fragrance.
A tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods—all in a pretty potpourri that fills a room with worry-free fragrance.
A fresh blend of creamy coconut milk, vanilla, warm vetiver and sweet orange—all in a vibrant mix that adds subtle fragrance to rooms and entryways. Pretty enough to give—or savor yourself.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances—all in a vibrant mix that adds subtle fragrance to rooms and entryways. Pretty enough to give. Or savor yourself.
Escape to Coconut Isles, a fragrance awash with sweet orange, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with soothing oatmeal and creamy coconut milk—all in a vibrant mix that adds subtle fragrance to rooms and entryways. Pretty enough to give. Or savor yourself.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances, and all in a fragrant mix that's pretty enough for your best glass bowls or platters.
A sweet blend of vanilla, coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream fragrances, all in bead form and packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
Our own recipe of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea fragrances, all in bead form and a petite jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Get your recommended daily amount of vitamin ahhh. This garden-fresh blend combines lemon, lime and mandarin orange fragrances, with herbal and floral notes, all in bead form and packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
Jonquil, marigold, hyacinth and rose fragrances, with a splash of fruit and woods, all in bead form and packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
Say aloha to pineapple, mango and papaya scents, with hints of white quince flowers, all in bead form and packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances, all in bead form and packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
Sweet orange, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with soothing oatmeal and creamy coconut milk, all packaged in a petite jar for small spaces.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
The delectable scent of authentic vanilla bean blended with warm woods and amber—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A perfectly balanced blend of Anjou pear and fresh fruits in a base of warm honey and spices—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Fresh citron, blue lavender and oakmoss, layered atop Tahitian gardenia, ebony driftwood and sandalwood—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Ripened casaba melon and agave offer a luscious indulgence in this fresh, clean scent—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
The rejuvenating scent of Italian cypress trees, brightened by cool citrus and mint—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A soft, woody scent, sweetened with cherry blossoms and warmed with spices—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A melange of nectarine, honey melon and lime blossom, subtly accented with Tahitian musk, white flowers and ylang-ylang—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
An exuberant sunflower-inspired fragrance with hints of sunny amber and plum—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A cozy fragrance subtly scented with smoky amber, spiced ginger and hints of zesty orange—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Glacier water blended with mint and grapefruit, with notes of clary sage and blue lavender—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Earthy amber, sandalwood and vetiver, interwoven with musk, frankincense and delicate neroli—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Earthy patchouli leaves and French vanilla, balanced by almond-like tonka and just a hint of musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Opulent amber and sandalwood infused with a luscious blend of musk and the sweetest of florals—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A fusion of clove and grassy vetiver, spiced with hints of patchouli, coriander and sweet musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
The breathtaking scent of a handpicked bouquet of lavender, geranium and chamomile blossoms—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Cinnamon and nutmeg, sweetened by crystallized sugar and blended with a dash of vanilla and caramel—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Escape to Coconut Isles, a fragrance awash with sweet orange, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with soothing oatmeal and creamy coconut milk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A full-flavored blend of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea—all in a diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Our garden-fresh blend combines lemon, lime and mandarin orange scents, with herbal and floral notes, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Earthy amber, sandalwood and musk-infused frankincense, with a fresh pop of orange, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A succulent blend of sweet amber and sandalwood mixed with florals of jasmine, tuberose and zinnia, with a hint of musk. All in a pretty diffuser to fill your room with worry-free fragrance.
Cinnamon, nutmeg and cardamom notes, sweetened by vanilla. A real treat—in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Escape to Coconut Isles, a fragrance awash with sweet orange, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with soothing oatmeal and creamy coconut milk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
The clean, calming combo of lavender, herbal patchouli and soft floral scents, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Our garden-fresh blend combines lemon, lime and mandarin orange scents, with herbal and floral notes, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Our own recipe of sweet peach, spicy ginger and just a hint of black tea aromas, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Peace, love and understanding. But also? Tonka beans, patchouli leaves, French vanilla, musk and happy floral scents, all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A fusion of patchouli, rose, geranium, jasmine, violet, clove and coriander scents, all in a pretty diffuser set that fills a room with worry-free fragrance.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you're far inland. Our reed diffuser combines jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances, all in one pretty design accented with decorative shells inside and out. Perfect for refreshing small rooms and entryways. And beach cottages.
Savor the light, luscious sweetness of fresh orange and strawberry, alongside light florals, oakmoss and sandalwood—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A subtly spiced scent highlighted by cardamom, clove and nutmeg, filled with the warmth of woods and lightened by sheer jasmine and white musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own electric diffusers.
Get your recommended daily amount of vitamin ahhh. This garden-fresh blend combines lemon, lime and mandarin orange fragrances, with herbal and floral notes—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own plug-in fragrance diffusers.
Our own recipe of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea fragrances—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own electric diffusers.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus—in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
The essence of honeysuckle flower plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk create a sweetly scented soap and lotion.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own electric diffusers.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own electric diffusers.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our own electric diffusers.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
The essence of honeysuckle flower, plus magnolia, lilac, cyclamen, lily, green dew and warm musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
A sparkling combination of pink grapefruit with hints of strawberry and citrus—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
The timeless clean scent of heirloom linens is captured in this blend of orange blossom, sweet mimosa and white hyacinth, intermingled with rose petals, night-blooming jasmine and white peach—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Sapphire Orchid oil—an exotic blend of fresh floral and berry blossoms atop a sumptuous woody base.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend—all in a pretty potpourri that fills a room with worry-free fragrance.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend.
Warm memories come flooding back with the rich scent of this spicy blend. Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander.
This fresh yet nostalgic scent is warmly reminiscent of apple-picking and hayrides though an orchard. A crisp combination of ripe heirloom apples, neroli and sweet vanilla musk.
Savor the delectable scent of a fragrance inspired by homemade holidays. Crushed vanilla beans blend beautifully with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg. Sweetened by raw brown sugar and warmed with clove, this aroma is simply yummy.
Stroll through a wondrous forest filled with birch, cedar and sandalwood. This woody fragrance combines beautifully with hushed tones of warm vetiver, amber and musk.
Celebrate fall fragrance with a fresh harvest of chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and spicy cardamom. This festive scent is brightened by zesty wild bergamot and ambered musk.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A crisp combination of ripe apple, green grape, neroli and sweet vanilla musk—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Spiced Cake oil—a warm blend of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander.
This fresh yet nostalgic scent is warmly reminiscent of apple-picking and hayrides though an orchard. A crisp combination of ripe heirloom apples, neroli and sweet vanilla musk—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Rustic Woodlands oil—a blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Fresh Apple oil—a crisp combination of ripe apple, green grape, neroli and sweet vanilla musk.
A crisp combination of ripe apple, green grape, neroli and sweet vanilla musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
A harvest of clove bud, cinnamon and cumin form a fresh fall fragrance, with golden layers of sumptuous scents sweetened by a warm base of vanilla spice—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Treat your hands to a crisp combination of ripe apple, green grape, neroli and sweet vanilla musk.
A blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—all in a formula blended exclusively for use with our electric diffusers.
A crisp combination of ripe apple, green grape, neroli and sweet vanilla musk—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Fresh Apple potpourri.
A blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Rustic Woodlands potpourri.
Fill your room with the fragrance blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—in an owl-shaped holder that makes a nice addition to a table, shelf or mantel.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Spiced Cake potpourri.
Celebrate fall fragrance with a fresh harvest of chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and spicy cardamom brightened by zesty wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Fall Festival potpourri.
Crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Pumpkin Spice potpourri.
Chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in a pretty diffuser set that can fill a room with worry-free fragrance.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Pumpkin Spice oil—the fragrance of crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove.
Refill your favorite reed diffuser with our Fall Festival oil—a blend of chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk.
Welcome fall with our stoneware pumpkin warmer and your favorite Pier 1 fragrance. Simply place a tealight in the base, light it and add essential oil (sold separately) to the top for long-lasting aroma.
Chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
Crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in a colorful mix that fills a room with fragrance.
A harvest of clove bud, aromatic cinnamon and savory cumin form a fresh fall fragrance. These golden layers of sumptuous scents are sweetened by a warm base of vanilla spice to complement this return to nature.
Treat your hands to the timeless scent of chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk.
Treat your hands to the delectable scent of a fragrance inspired by homemade holidays. Crushed vanilla beans blend beautifully with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg that is sweetened by raw brown sugar and warmed with clove.
Treat your hands to the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander.
Jack-o’-lanterns can provide an element of surprise. So add some unexpected seasonal appeal to your bath and kitchen this Halloween with our Pumpkin Spice-scented hand soap, and tell your kids and guests to pump up da pumpkin and get their hands clean.
A blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Treat your hands to a blend of birch, cedar and sandalwood, combined with hushed tones of vetiver, amber and musk.
The lush fragrance of ripened fruit scents the air around your private retreat. From the minute you arrive, you are greeted by the warm, exotic aroma of flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya. The perfect escape.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own isle-inspired blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia—and just a splash of peach. You can almost hear the waves calling your name.
Like warm memories of a cozy afternoon baking and sharing, rich vanilla mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream is a sweet reminder of life’s simplest treats.
Experience a scent reminiscent of picking a ripe peach right off the branch. Sweet peach, fresh ginger and a hint of black tea come together for a full-flavored blend that envelops you like a warm summer day.
Fragrance, just as nature intended. A lingering scent of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant cilantro, basil and rosemary. The perfect mingling of tangy and lively.
A tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods.
Escape to Coconut Isles and dip your toes in the sand. This fresh scent blends creamy coconut milk, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with just a splash of sweet orange. So refreshing.
Enjoy a tropical blend of  pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances, all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Fill your home with delectable notes of warm cinnamon, creamy vanilla and aromatic bay leaf, sweetened with sugared clove and toasted coconut—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Oil warmers are the fastest way we know to release aroma throughout your home. Just flip the switch and add drops of your favorite fragrance oil (sold separately).
You would be wise to fill your room with your favorite Pier 1 fragrance using our stoneware owl warmer. Simply place a tealight in the base, light it and add essential oil (sold separately) to the top for long-lasting aroma.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Our exclusive oil warmers are the fastest way we know to release aroma throughout your home. Just flip the switch and add drops of your favorite fragrance oil (sold separately).
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a formula to use with oil warmers or to refresh potpourri.
Add your favorite Pier 1 Imports fragrance oil to the top of our shell mosaic warmer and a tealight below, then let nature work its wonders. A warm, welcoming scent will be released throughout the room for everyone to enjoy.
Inspired by the classic Mason jar, our exclusive stoneware oil warmer will fill your room with your favorite Pier 1 fragrance. Simply place a tealight in the base, light it and add essential oil (sold separately) to the top for long-lasting aroma.
Our in-house fragrance aficionados came up with a flameless way to perfume a room in no time flat. Simply plug in the base of this ceramic fragrance warmer and add essential oil or wax melts atop the upper plate. Breathe deep. Mmm.
Say aloha to pineapple, mango and papaya scents with hints of white quince flowers—all in a formula to use with oil warmers or to refresh potpourri.
Get your recommended daily amount of vitamin ahhh. Our garden-fresh blend combines lemon, lime and mandarin orange fragrances, with herbal and floral notes—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Peace, love and understanding. But also? Tonka beans, patchouli leaves, French vanilla, musk and happy floral fragrances—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Jonquil, marigold, hyacinth and rose fragrances, with a splash of fruit and woods—all in a formula to use in oil warmers or to refresh our Oceans potpourri.
Our classic mix of sweet peach, spicy ginger and just a hint of black tea fragrances. People tell us it’s as fresh as a homemade peach cobbler—mmm, cobbler—all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
A fusion of patchouli, rose, geranium, jasmine, violet, clove and coriander fragrances, all in a formula that can be used in oil warmers or to refresh your potpourri.
Use our handsome oil warmer to fill your room with your favorite Pier 1 fragrance. Simply place a tealight in the base, light it and add essential oil (sold separately) to the top for long-lasting aroma.
Oil warmers are the fastest way we know to release aroma throughout your home. Just flip the switch and add drops of your favorite fragrance oil (sold separately).
Oil warmers are the fastest way we know to release aroma throughout your home. Just flip the switch and add drops of your favorite Pier 1 home fragrance oil (sold separately). Convenient timer allows you to personalize your fragrance experience.
A fresh blend of creamy coconut milk, vanilla, warm vetiver and sweet orange—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Narcissus flower, marigold, hyacinth and rose fragrances, with a splash of fruit and woods—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A full-flavored blend of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea—all in a mini diffuser that's actually a big gift idea.
A lively mix of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant basil, cilantro and rosemary—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances plus a handful of nautical-inspired reeds—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Garden-fresh lemon, lime and mandarin orange fragrances, with herbal and floral notes—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Sweet orange, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with soothing oatmeal and creamy coconut milk—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach—all in a mini diffuser that’s actually a big gift idea.
Our Laiya Coral cushion is exactly what you need to turn your outdoor living space into a true coastal retreat. It features a blue as deep as the sea with a contrasting white coral print. It’s beautifully tailored, durable and UV-resistant so it will keep its gorgeous color for seasons to come.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Nothing makes your outdoor furniture sing like our colorful songbird-covered cushion. Inspired by the ancient art of decoupage, it brings an artful warmth to your patio furniture. Something else to sing about? The fabric is UV-resistant for extra durability.
This vibrant bouquet of ivory flowers jumps out from its teal backdrop to give your patio furniture a gorgeous garden look—without the need for daily watering and pruning. UV-protected to withstand the elements, our cushion will keep your patio looking brilliant and fresh all year long.
Shaped and tufted for comfort, our cushion is ready to bring a relaxed vibe to your outdoor seating. Its distinctive texture looks like it's made from a nubby natural fiber, but it's actually sewn of soft, spun polyester, then coated to be weather-resistant. So the look will always be fresh and inviting. Just like the great outdoors.
You know what they say: Springtime is the right time. Well, what about at dinnertime? And breakfast time and even lunch? No matter the time, our Adley brings a sweet spring touch to your table.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven chair cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven seat cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush chair cushion. Ideal for indoors and out, it's constructed of UV-resistant polyester, making it perfect for a patio lunch or a moonlit dinner party.
Our Louisa chaircushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Our Louisa chair cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Marietta is a garden-fresh find. The birds are practically chirping and the flowers are in full bloom. Clad in weather-resistant polyester, these colorful blossoms remain vibrant with built-in UV protection.
Introducing homegrown versatility. Fashioned with UV-resistant fabric, our plush cushion flourishes indoors or out. And its reversible design lets you set the scene as you please. What’ll it be today? Impressionist-inspired florals or vibrant stripes?
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor cushion, designed to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. And it's UV-protected so the color will last.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
It may feel wrong to toss such a pretty cushion outside on patio furniture, but fear not—our Keegan Collection is both rugged and attractive. Made of durable, polyester fabric, the thick, corded trim and damask design bring an elegant touch to outdoor decor. Factor in the value, and we figure it adds up to the right buy.
Floral patterns always cheer us, and floral patterns within floral patterns are just about irresistible. In this case, the softer side of a Suzani print has painterly strokes and a finish that makes it look—and feel—embroidered. The tougher side: Fabric is durable, supportive and long-lasting.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
Heat up outdoor conversations with our piping-hot cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that instantly attracts the eye of every guest. Self-welting and tufting create an irresistible look and feel in a fabric that's created for durability outdoors.
Aria absolutely sings with your outdoor decor, thanks to its pacific poolside colors and carefree floral pattern. Offered in a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors, Aria is ready for its solo.
Our sophisticated Eva cushion features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from polyester fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb seating choice for guests dining indoors or outside.
We make no apologies for our love of intense colors. In fact, we saturate these cushions with the most beautiful blooming hues we can find, to provide an impossible-to-miss place to perch for you and your guests.
More good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto this dramatic and dazzling indoor and outdoor cushion. Even more good news for people who like to sit down and relax: This finely detailed design on a black background has a long-lasting, polyester finish.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor cushion, sewn to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. With a soft, polyester construction it turns every seat into the best seat.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
Talk about fresh thinking. Our Loftonaire Cushion is covered in a soft, easy print that also happens to be plush and durable. So you can have flowers inside and out. In sunrooms or on patios. All year long.
Once you sit down on this tufted indoor/outdoor cushion, you will understand the true beauty of it. Not only is it pretty on the outside, but comfy where it needs to be. Perfect to add to a wicker chair for that extra ahh.
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection goes natural and earthy in color. But it's still cushy thanks to tufted construction and a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft. It's growing on you already, right?
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our bright, tufted Calliope cushion has a remarkably soft feel for an outdoorsy sort and is sized to fit standard chair styles.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our ivory tufted Calliope cushion has a remarkably soft feel for an outdoorsy sort and is sized to fit standard chair styles.
This is what your chairs have been dreaming about all winter—cabana days of cobalt blue and tufted comfort. And with surprisingly soft polyester fabric.
Nothing spices up outdoor furniture like a hot tomato-colored cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This is just the kick your decor needs.
Nothing adds luxury to outdoor furniture like a turquoise cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This touch of luxe will do wonders for your decor.
Nothing adds excitement to outdoor furniture like a bright citrus cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This fresh-squeezed cushion will do wonders for your decor.
Nothing adds freshness to outdoor furniture like a cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This cushion will bring creamy comfort to your decor.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, tufted indoor/outdoor cushion. Good news for people who like to relax: Its beautifully tailored spice color scheme has a plush, polyester finish.
Variety may be the spice of life, but Calliope is the spice of outdoor life. Especially our tufted cushion, covered in plush fabric that's soft enough for indoors. Now you're cookin'.
It's like a bed of roses, only it's a field of daisies and it's for a settee--your outdoor settee, your indoor settee, your indoor/outdoor settee, you know, wherever you'd like to experience the cushy life.
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection goes natural and earthy in color. But it's still cushy thanks to a tufted construction and a plush, polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft. It's growing on you already, right?
Variety may be the spice of life, but Calliope is the spice of outdoor life. As attractive as any indoor cushion, it's lush and tufted. Sprinkle generously on patio furniture.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, tufted indoor/outdoor settee cushion. Good news for people who like to relax: Its beautifully tailored spice color scheme has a plush, polyester finish.
Nothing adds excitement to outdoor furniture like a bright citrus cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This fresh-squeezed cushion will do wonders for your decor.
Nothing adds excitement to outdoor furniture like a creamy-fresh cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This will bring creamy comfort to your decor.
Nothing adds luxury to outdoor furniture like a turquoise cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This touch of luxe will do wonders for your decor.
Nothing spices up outdoor furniture like a hot tomato-colored cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This should kick your decor up a notch or two.
This is what your outdoor pieces have been dreaming about all winter—cabana days of cobalt blue and tufted comfort. Offered in a surprisingly soft polyester fabric. So the dream can live on through summer and beyond.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our bright, tufted Calliope design has a remarkably plush feel for an indoor/outdoor cushion. It's a classic way to refresh your favorite settee.
Nothing spruces up outdoor furniture like a fresh, ivory-colored cushion. Especially one with tufted construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors. It's like dress whites for your patio. And everybody loves a chair in uniform.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a comfortable, tufted indoor/outdoor settee cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautiful design has a plush, polyester finish.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor cushion, sewn to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. With a soft, polyester construction, it turns every seat into the best seat.
More good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto this dramatic and dazzling indoor and outdoor settee cushion. Even more good news for people who like to sit down and relax: This finely detailed design on a black background has a long-lasting, polyester finish.
We make no apologies for our love of intense colors. In fact, we saturate these cushions with the most beautiful blooming hues we can find, to provide an impossible-to-miss place to perch for you and your guests.
Our sophisticated Eva cushion features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from polyester fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb seating choice for guests indoors or outside.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
It may feel wrong to toss such a pretty cushion outside on patio furniture, but fear not—our Keegan Collection is both rugged and attractive. Made of durable, polyester fabric, the self-welting and damask design bring an elegant touch to outdoor decor. Factor in the plush luxury and suddenly everything seems just right.
Floral patterns always cheer us, and floral patterns within floral patterns are just about irresistible. In this case, the softer side of a Suzani print has painterly strokes and a finish that makes it look—and feel—embroidered. The tougher side: Fabric is durable, supportive and long-lasting.
Heat up outdoor conversations with our piping-hot cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that instantly attracts the eye of every guest. Self-welting and tufting create an irresistible look and feel in a fabric that's created for durability.
We make no apologies for our love of intense colors. In fact, we saturate this cushion with the most beautiful blooming hues we can find, to provide an impossible-to-miss place to perch for you and your guests.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and button tufts atop a polyesterfabric that's exceptionally soft.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Outdoor cushions that feel like indoor. Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper Collection has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. For those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Criss-crossed, stuffed and tufted, our comfy cushion boasts a bold blue complemented by a cool, contrasting design.  With UV resistant fabric, it’s an easy addition to any patio, porch or outdoor décor, instantly adding a fresh pop of color wherever you chose to put it.
Somewhere between playful and elegant lies our polyester settee cushion. With its crisscrossing, woven-cane pattern, rich orange hue and UV-resistant fabric, it offers captivating durability. So you can take it easy, inside or out.
Inspired by ornate Chinese gauze lanterns, our plush, polyester cushion delivers a touch of Asian style to your seating with its vibrant botanical motifs. And UV-resistant fabric means you can enjoy it indoors or out. In other words, it’s sure to light up your life.
You know what they say: Springtime is the right time. Well, what about at dinnertime? And breakfast time and even lunch? No matter the time, our Adley brings a sweet spring touch to your settee.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
We don't like to brag, but Casabelle is a masterpiece. With bold majesty, colorful medallions adorn our settee cushion. With UV-resistant fabric, it's a resilient work of art.
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush settee cushion. Ideal for indoors and out, it's constructed of UV-resistant polyester, making it perfect for a patio lunch or a moonlit dinner party.
A cushion should be more than just comfy, so we've made  our Artesia cushion comfy and colorful, with an intricate, UV-resistant design that instantly adds lively style to any indoor or outdoor space. Patio parties, afternoon lounging and morning coffee drinking just got a whole lot more stylish.
Our Louisa settee cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor cushion, designed to fit a settee. And it's UV-protected so the color will last.
Marietta is a garden-fresh find. The birds are practically chirping and the flowers are in full bloom. Clad in weather-resistant polyester, these colorful blossoms remain vibrant with built-in UV protection.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Shaped and tufted for comfort, our cushion is ready to bring a relaxed vibe to your patio seating. Its distinctive texture looks like it's made from a nubby natural fiber, but it's actually sewn of soft, spun polyester, then coated to be weather-resistant. So the look will always be fresh and inviting. Just like the great outdoors.
This vibrant bouquet of ivory flowers jumps out from its teal backdrop to give your patio furniture a gorgeous garden look—without the need for daily watering and pruning. UV-protected to withstand the elements, our settee cushion will keep your patio looking brilliant and fresh all year long.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
Our Laiya Coral cushion is exactly what you need to turn your outdoor living space into a true coastal retreat. It features a blue as deep as the sea with a contrasting white coral print. It’s beautifully tailored, durable and UV-resistant so it will keep its gorgeous color for seasons to come.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
It’s trunks up for good luck with this charming Southeast Asian-inspired print. Durable and UV-resistant, our unforgettable cushion is ready to brighten up your outdoor living space. But you can enjoy it year-round—just bring it indoors once the weather cools off.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Globally recognized for its beauty and variety of patterns and motifs, Indonesian ikat weaving is a treasured technique. Traditionally, tali threads are tied, bound and knotted before being placed in a celupan for indigo dip-dyeing—which is what inspired our printed cushion. Also worth treasuring? The fabric is UV-resistant for extra durability.
This vibrant bouquet of ivory flowers jumps out from its teal backdrop to give your patio furniture a gorgeous garden look—without the need for daily watering and pruning. UV-protected to withstand the elements, our deluxe cushion will keep your patio looking brilliant and fresh all year long.
Outdoor cushions that feel like indoor. Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper Collection has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. For those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Escaping to an exotic Mediterranean villa is as easy as changing out your patio cushions. Case in point: Marisela. Our indulgent deluxe cushion features a floral, leaf and bird motif in rich hues of crimson, teal, gold and ivory. Even richer? The fabric is UV-resistant for durability—which means more fun in the sun at your villa.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven chair cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Marietta is a garden-fresh find. The birds are practically chirping and the flowers are in full bloom. Clad in weather-resistant polyester, these colorful blossoms remain vibrant with built-in UV protection.
Our Louisa chair cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor deluxe cushion, designed to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. And it's UV-protected so the color will last.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
We don't like to brag, but Casabelle is a masterpiece adorned with bold, colorful medallions. And with UV-resistant fabric, it's a resilient work of art.
Our Louisa chair cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Inspired by ornate Chinese gauze lanterns, our plush, polyester cushion delivers a touch of Asian style to your seating with its vibrant botanical motifs. And UV-resistant fabric means you can enjoy it indoors or out. In other words, it’s sure to light up your life.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Introducing homegrown versatility. Fashioned with UV-resistant fabric, our plush cushion flourishes indoors or out. And its reversible design lets you set the scene as you please. What’ll it be today? Impressionist-inspired florals or vibrant stripes?
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Goes-with-anything color, UV protection and mildew-resistance. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture, flirty tie-backs and special, no-tuck construction. Can we expect you soon?
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor deluxe cushion, designed to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. And it's UV-resistant so the color will last.
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with button-tufted construction and a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, button-tufted indoor/outdoor cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautifully tailored design has a durable, polyester finish.
It may feel wrong to toss such a pretty cushion outside on patio furniture, but fear not—our Keegan Collection is both rugged and attractive. Made of durable, polyester fabric, the thick, corded trim and damask design bring an elegant touch to outdoor decor. Factor in the plush luxury and suddenly everything seems just right.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
To create a sleeker, more sophisticated look, this cushion is finished with gusseted, piped construction, so you can dress up our full range of double-width chairs. Offered in a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors, this cushion instantly upgrades your great outdoors.
Let intense color bring excitement to your outdoor decor, with this cushion’s clean, modern lines, durable inner construction and plush fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
Our sophisticated Eva cushion features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from polyester fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb seating choice for guests indoors or outside.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor gusseted cushion, sewn to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. With a soft, polyester construction, it turns every seat into the best seat.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
A new addition to our popular Angelique Collection, our Angelique Spice is rich terracotta-red. Which just happens to give this gusseted cushion the right amount of warmth and comfort. Pair it with your favorite chair and your favorite glass of wine and your night is set.
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection goes natural and earthy in color. But it's still cushy thanks to extra-thick construction, button tufts and self-welting fabric that's exceptionally soft. It's growing on you already, right?
Wowee, our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection is pretty. And cushy—thanks to extra-thick construction, button tufts and self-welting fabric that's exceptionally soft. You're relaxed already, right?
The feel-good story of the year: An incredibly soft, plush, gusseted indoor/outdoor cushion sewn to fit our deluxe chairs.
Nothing spruces up outdoor furniture like a fresh, ivory-colored cushion. Especially one with button tufts and soft, self-welting fabric. It's like a soft cloud on your patio. Get one before it floats away.
Our cool cobalt cushion will re-awaken your appreciation of all things outdoors. Its button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors. So go ahead. Take your cabana to coolsville.
Time to hit "reset" and get a new perspective at all things outdoors. This cream, button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors. So go ahead. Give your outdoors the cream of our crop.
The word "cabana" conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? This is the super-plush, jewel-toned cushion your patio furniture needs to bring those dreams to life, with tufted construction, fabric that's soft enough for indoors, and a color that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer.
The word "cabana" conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? This is the super-plush, fresh-squeezed cushion your patio furniture needs to bring those dreams to life, with tufted construction, fabric that's soft enough for indoors, and a color that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer.
The word "cabana" conjures images of pool, beach and cold, refreshing beverages, right? This is the super-plush, tomato-colored cushion that brings those dreams to life, with tufted construction, fabric that's soft enough for indoors, and a color that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer.
Our bright, happy cushion is something to behold. Its button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable. So go ahead. Feel free to enjoy your kaleidoscope inside or out.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, button-tufted indoor/outdoor cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautifully tailored design has a plush, polyester construction.
Nothing spruces up indoor or outdoor furniture like a fresh, ivory-colored cushion. Especially one with button tufts,  and soft, self welting fabric. It's like dress whites for your patio. And everybody loves a chair in uniform.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, button-tufted indoor/outdoor settee cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautifully tailored design has a plush, polyester construction.
The word "cabana" conjures images of pool, beach and cold, refreshing beverages, right? This is the super-plush, tomato-colored cushion that brings those dreams to life, with tufted construction, fabric that's soft enough for indoors, and a color that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer.
The word "cabana" conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? This is the super-soft, super-plush, jewel-toned cushion your patio furniture needs to bring the dream to life, with tufted construction, in a fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
Time to hit ‘reset’ and get a new perspective at all things outdoors. This cream, button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors. So go ahead. Give your outdoors the cream of our crop.
Our cool cobalt cushion will re-awaken your appreciation of all things outdoors. Its button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors. So go ahead. Take your cabana to coolsville.
Our happy citrus cushion will re-awaken your appreciation of all things outdoors. Its button-tufted design is tailored, finished and comfortable enough for indoors. So go ahead. Add a slice of citrus to your cabana.
The feel-good story of the year: An incredibly soft, plush, gusseted indoor/outdoor cushion sewn to fit our deluxe settees to a tee.
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection, in a color as refreshing as pool water. And relaxing too, thanks to extra-thick construction, button tufts and self-welting fabric that's exceptionally soft. Go ahead. Dive right in.
The new addition to our popular Angelique Collection is Angelique Spice in rich terracotta-red. Which just happens to give this gusseted cushion the right amount of warmth and comfort. Pair it with your favorite outdoor settee and your favorite glass of wine and your night is set.
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection goes natural and earthy in color. But it's still cushy, thanks to extra-thick construction, button tufts and self-welting fabric that's exceptionally soft. It's growing on you already, right?
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor gusseted cushion, sewn to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. With a soft, polyester construction, it turns every seat into the best seat.
Our sophisticated Eva cushion features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from polyester fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb seating choice for guests indoors or outside.
Let intense color bring excitement to your outdoor decor, with this cushion’s clean, modern lines, durable inner construction and plush fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
To create a sleeker, more sophisticated look, this cushion is finished with gusseted, piped construction, so you can dress up our full range of double-width chairs. Offered in a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors, this cushion instantly upgrades your great outdoors.
Bring the chilled vibe of Maui to your outdoor decor, with this cushion’s clean, modern lines, durable inner construction and fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
Floral patterns always cheer us, and floral patterns within floral patterns are just about irresistible. In this case, the softer side of a Suzani print has painterly strokes and a finish that makes it look—and feel—embroidered. Self-welting and button-tufting make it look—and feel—deluxe. The tougher side: Fabric is durable, supportive and long-lasting.
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, comfortable, button-tufted indoor/outdoor cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautifully tailored design has a durable, polyester finish.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
Talk about fresh thinking. Our self-welted, button-tufted Loftonaire Deluxe Cushion is covered in a soft, easy print that also happens to be durable and supportive. So you can have flowers inside and out, all year long.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with button-tufted construction and a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
Heat up outdoor conversations with our piping-hot cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that instantly attracts the eye of every guest. Self-welting and button-tufting create an irresistible look and feel in a fabric that's created for durability.
A classic way to refresh your wicker seating, this is where tuft meets tough. Our soft cushion with tufted details and welting is constructed of durable polyester. So all there is to do is sit back and relax without a care in the world.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor deluxe settee cushion, designed to fit a wide range of styles. And it's UV-resistant so the color will last.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor settee cushion: Goes-with-anything color, UV protection and mildew-resistance. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and special, no-tuck construction. Can we expect you soon?
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Inspired by ornate Chinese gauze lanterns, our plush, polyester cushion delivers a touch of Asian style to your seating with its vibrant botanical motifs. And UV-resistant fabric means you can enjoy it indoors or out. In other words, it’s sure to light up your life.
Nothing adds excitement to outdoor furniture like a bright yellow cushion that plays well with our other solids and patterns. Especially one with UV-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors. It's amazing how a cushion can give your patio a sunny disposition.
Introducing homegrown versatility. Fashioned with UV-resistant fabric, our plush settee cushion flourishes indoors or out. And its reversible design lets you set the scene as you please. What’ll it be today? Impressionist-inspired florals or vibrant stripes?
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush settee cushion with jute-look piping. Ideal for indoors and out, it's constructed of UV-resistant polyester, making it perfect for a patio lunch or a moonlit dinner party.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral settee cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
We don't like to brag, but Casabelle is a masterpiece adorned with bold, colorful medallions. And with UV-resistant fabric, it's a resilient work of art.
Our Louisa settee cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor deluxe settee cushion. And it's UV-protected, so the color will last.
Nothing makes your outdoor furniture sing like our colorful songbird-covered cushion. Inspired by the ancient art of decoupage, it brings an artful warmth to your patio furniture. Something else to sing about? The fabric is UV-resistant for extra durability.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
From the Javanese word for “write” and “dot,” the Indonesian batik technique is renowned for its attention to technique, pattern and quality. That’s what inspired our exotic deluxe settee cushion, covered with tropical green hues and Balinese leaves. And since the fabric is UV-resistant, this cushion will be renowned for its durability as well.
Escaping to an exotic Mediterranean villa is as easy as changing out your patio cushions. Case in point: Marisela. Our indulgent deluxe settee cushion features a floral, leaf and bird motif in rich hues of crimson, teal, gold and ivory. Even richer? The fabric is UV-resistant for durability—which means more fun in the sun at your villa.
Globally recognized for its beauty and variety of patterns and motifs, Indonesian ikat weaving is a treasured technique. Traditionally, tali threads are tied, bound and knotted before being placed in a celupan for indigo dip-dyeing—which is what inspired our printed cushion. Also worth treasuring? The fabric is UV-resistant for extra durability.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven deluxe settee cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
Our Laiya Coral cushion is exactly what you need to turn your outdoor living space into a true coastal retreat. It features a blue as deep as the sea with a contrasting white coral print. It’s beautifully tailored, durable and UV-resistant so it will keep its gorgeous color for seasons to come.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
Shaped for comfort and finished with convenient tie-backs, our dining cushion is ready to bring a relaxed vibe to your patio seating. UV- and mildew-resistant it has a distinctive texture and a look that  will always be fresh and inviting. Just like the great outdoors.
This vibrant bouquet of ivory flowers jumps out from its teal backdrop to give your dining room furniture a gorgeous garden look—without the need for daily watering and pruning. UV-protected to withstand the elements, our cushion will keep your chairs looking brilliant and garden-fresh all year long.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven dining cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Tailored for our Echo Beach or Ciudad collections, this dining cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable tie-backs, is exceptionally soft and feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our Echo Beach or Ciudad collections, this modular dining cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable tie-backs, is exceptionally soft and feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our Echo Beach or Ciudad collections, this modular dining cushion is thick, supportive covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable tie-backs, is exceptionally soft and feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our Echo Beach or Ciudad collections, this modular dining cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable tie-backs, is exceptionally soft and feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our Echo Beach or Ciudad collections, this modular dining cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable tie-backs and is exceptionally soft, so it feels completely at home indoors, too.
Shaped for comfort and finished with convenient tie-backs, our cushion is ready to bring a relaxed vibe to your patio seating. Its distinctive texture looks like it's made from a nubby natural fiber, but it's actually sewn of soft, spun polyester, then coated to be weather-resistant. So the look will always be fresh and inviting. Just like the great outdoors.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven dining cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Our Louisa Dining Cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
A cushion should be more than just comfy, so we've made our Artesia cushion comfy and colorful, with an intricate, UV-resistant design that instantly adds lively style to any indoor or outdoor space. Patio parties, afternoon lounging and morning coffee drinking just got a whole lot more stylish.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral dining cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
We don't like to brag, but Casabelle is a masterpiece adorned with bold, colorful medallions. And with UV-resistant fabric, it's a resilient work of art.
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush dining cushion. Ideal for indoors and out, it's constructed of UV-resistant polyester, making it perfect for a patio lunch or a moonlit dinner party.
Our Louisa Dining Cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Marietta is a garden-fresh find. The birds are practically chirping and the flowers are in full bloom. Clad in weather-resistant polyester, these colorful blossoms remain vibrant with built-in UV protection.
Outdoor cushions that feel like indoor. Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper Collection has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. For those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Happy color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture, and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven dining cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Inspired by ornate Chinese gauze lanterns, our plush, polyester cushion delivers a touch of Asian style to your seating with its vibrant botanical motifs. And UV-resistant fabric means you can enjoy it indoors or out. In other words, it’s sure to light up your life.
Heat up outdoor conversations with our piping-hot dining cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that reverses to stripes. It instantly attracts the eyes of every guest. Plus, it's mildew- and UV-resistant for durability, too.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven dining cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Goes-with-anything color, UV protection and mildew-resistance. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
Colorful birds dance joyfully among bright blooms on our dining cushion. Comfortably thick and durable, it's covered with fabric that's been treated to resist the effects of the sun, but it's soft enough to feel at home indoors, too.
From the Javanese word for “write” and “dot,” Indonesian batik is renowned for its attention to technique, pattern and quality. That’s what inspired our exotic cushion, covered with tropical green hues and Balinese leaves. And since the fabric is UV-resistant, this cushion will be renowned for its durability as well.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Beautiful color and UV-protection. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush, texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. So, should we be expecting you soon?
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Beautiful color and a protective, long-lasting finish. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush, texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. So, should we be expecting you soon?
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Goes-with-anything color, UV-protection and mildew-resistance. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Time to hit "reset" and get a new perspective on all things outdoors. Our cream-colored cushion does just that, with neat tie-backs, tufted construction and a UV- and mildew-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining cushion: Happy color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Our sophisticated Eva Dining Cushion features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from polyester fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb seating choice for guests dining indoors or outside.
Heat up outdoor conversations with our piping-hot cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that instantly attracts the eye of every guest. Also attractive: fabric created for durability.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with a durable, polyester fabric that’s soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
Floral patterns always cheer us, and floral patterns within floral patterns are just about irresistible. In this case, the softer side of a Suzani print has painterly strokes and a finish that makes it look—and feel—embroidered. The tougher side: Fabric is durable, supportive and long-lasting.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Great deep blue color, and polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Our zesty citrus cushion will instantly awaken your appreciation for outdoor dining. Offered in a bold color, the plush, polyester fabric is soft enough for indoors.
Our rich red cushion will instantly energize your appreciation of outdoor dining. Offered in a bold color, the plush polyester fabric is soft enough for indoors.
Our jewel-like turquoise cushion will instantly enrich your appreciation of outdoor dining. Offered in a bold color, the plush, polyester fabric is soft enough for indoors.
Nothing makes your dining decor sing like our Aria, with its pacific poolside colors and carefree floral pattern. Offered in a plush, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors, Aria is ready for its solo.
More good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto this dramatic and dazzling dining chair cushion. Even more good news for people who like to sit down and relax: This finely detailed design on a black background has a long-lasting, polyester finish.
It's like a bed of roses, only it's a field of daisies and it's for your dining chair—your outdoor dining chair, your indoor dining chair, your indoor/outdoor dining chair, you know, wherever you'd like to experience the cushy life.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Consistent color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a rich, spicy indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautiful, versatile look has a plush, polyester finish.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor bistro chair cushion: Happy color and a protective, long-lasting finish. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Happy color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture, and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Variety may be the spice of life, but Calliope is the spice of life outdoors. As attractive as any indoor cushion, it's soft, tufted, weather-resistant and finished with neat tie-backs. Sprinkle generously on patio seating.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor bistro chair cushion: Happy color, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for a long-lasting finish. Things you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Nothing spruces up outdoor furniture like a fresh, citrus-colored cushion. Especially one with neat tie-backs, tufted construction, a UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors. It's like fresh-squeezed newness for your patio.
Nothing spices up outdoor furniture like a hot tomato-colored cushion. Especially one with neat tie-backs, tufted construction, a UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors. Put the picante into your decor.
Nothing increases the cool factor of your outdoor furniture like a cobalt-colored cushion. Especially one with neat tie-backs, tufted construction and a UV-protected, mildew-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors. So go ahead. Take your cabana to coolsville.
Nothing adds luxury to outdoor furniture like a jewel-toned cushion that plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and a mildew-resistant, UV-treated fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This touch of luxe will do wonders for your decor.
Since our Calliope outdoor cushions and pillows are so darn plush and popular, we've decided to introduce a few new colors. Sprinkle generously on patio seating and let the good times roll.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Seasonal color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture and cute, flirty tie-backs. So, should we be expecting you soon?
Good news for people who like to sit down: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion. Good news for people who like to sit down and relax: Its beautiful, versatile look has a plush, polyester finish.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor dining chair cushion: Happy color and a plush, polyester finish. Things you might not expect: A soft texture, and cute, flirty tie-backs. Can we expect you soon?
Our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection, in a color as refreshing as pool water. And relaxing too, thanks to thick, tufted construction, self-welting detail and a weather-resistant fabric that's exceptionally soft. Go ahead. Dive right in.
Nothing spruces up outdoor furniture like a fresh, ivory-colored cushion. Especially one with neat tie-backs, tufted construction and a weather-resistant fabric that's soft enough for indoors. It's like dress whites for your patio. And everybody loves a chair in uniform.
Nothing spruces up outdoor furniture like a fresh, ivory-colored cushion. Especially one with button tufts and soft, self welting fabric. It's like dress whites for your patio. Only no one has to stand at attention.
Good news for people who like to kick back: Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto a thick, button-tufted indoor/outdoor ottoman cushion. Good news for people who like to kick back and not worry: Its beautifully tailored design has a plush, polyester construction.
This is where your empire begins—a fresh-squeezed ottoman cushion that can withstand the outdoor elements with style sufficient for indoors. Soft to the touch, your ottoman’s new crown plays well with our other patterns and solids, too.
This is where your empire begins—an ottoman cushion that can withstand the outdoor elements with style sufficient for indoors. Soft to the touch, your ottoman’s new crown plays well with our other patterns and solids, too.
This is where your empire begins—an ottoman cushion that can withstand the outdoor elements and style sufficient for indoors, too. Soft to the touch and easily cleaned, this cushion plays well with the other patterns and solids we offer and will be the jewel in your ottoman’s crown.
Get ready to put your feet up with this button-tufted, gusseted ottoman cushion. It's durable enough for outdoor living but soft and pretty enough for indoor life too.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our bright, tufted Calliope design is a remarkable indoor/outdoor cushion. It's a classic way to refresh your favorite ottoman.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
Have a seat on our incredibly soft indoor/outdoor cushion, sewn to fit a wide range of chairs and styles. With a plush, polyester construction, it turns any seat into the best seat.
For classic, cushy support, put your feet up on our Premiere Ottoman Cushion. You’ll enjoy the ride—and the scenery—for a long time, thanks to this cushion’s clean, modern lines, durable inner construction and plush fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
For classic, crisp, cushy support, put your feet up on our Premiere Ottoman Cushion. You’ll enjoy the ride—and the scenery—for a long time, thanks to this cushion’s clean, modern lines, durable inner construction and a plush fabric that's soft enough for indoors.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an indoor/outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn. Your guests will be twilled, we're sure.
Floral patterns always cheer us, and floral patterns within floral patterns are just about irresistible. In this case, the softer side of a Suzani print has painterly strokes and a finish that makes it look—and feel—embroidered. Self-welting and tufting make it look—and feel—awesome. The tougher side: Fabric is durable, supportive and long-lasting.
You'd be hard-pressed to find an outdoor cushion that's made of more stylish stuff. Not only is our Serge Collection defined by its cushy fill, button tufts and corded trim—it's named after a twill traditionally used in suits. It's soft, distressed, available in beloved colors and much more comfortable than any suit you've ever worn.
Nothing adds drama to outdoor furniture like a cushion that provides immediate contrast to the other patterns and solids we offer. Especially one with tufted construction and a durable, polyester fabric that's soft enough for indoors. This basic black cushion will make magic with your decor.
Our popular Calliope cushions will have you and guests sitting pretty in no time. Each cushion is accented with welting and button tufts atop a polyester fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Engineered to withstand the weather, our cushion features UV- and mildew-resistant fabric, which means no worrying about the forecast. Of course, its vibrant hue and plush texture will let you rest easy inside, too. So there’s a 100% chance of comfort wherever it goes.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our bright, tufted Calliope cushion is a classic way to refresh your favorite ottoman.
Looking for an outdoor cushion that feels like it belongs indoors? Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper cushion has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Extra-thick foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. It's the perfect find for those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Introducing homegrown versatility. Fashioned with UV-resistant fabric, our plush ottoman cushion flourishes indoors or out. And its reversible design lets you set the scene as you please. What’ll it be today? Impressionist-inspired florals or vibrant stripes?
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven ottoman cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Our Louisa Ottoman Cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
There’s a reason we named our fun, floral ottoman cushion after the Spanish word for "butterfly." Bright color combinations accompany intricate designs to create an eye-catching pattern as bold and beautiful as a butterfly’s wings. And its UV-resistant fabric will fly outdoors.
Our Louisa Ottoman Cushion is the epitome of open-air luxury. Its tufted design is tailored, textured and comfortable enough for indoors, but it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven ottoman cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the blue and white stripes of our woven ottoman cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a cool-hued nautical vibe to your patio. Plush and pretty? Quite the fresh idea.
Globally recognized for its beauty and variety of patterns and motifs, Indonesian ikat weaving is a treasured technique. Traditionally, tali threads are tied, bound and knotted before being placed in a celupan for indigo dip-dyeing—which is what inspired our printed cushion. Also worth treasuring? The fabric is UV-resistant for extra durability.
Inspired by sand dollars scattered on sun-drenched beaches, our Pansy Shell cushion will stand the test of tides. With UV-resistant fabric in a calming neutral hue, it offers captivating durability.
Our Laiya Coral cushion is exactly what you need to turn your outdoor living space into a true coastal retreat. It features a blue as deep as the sea with a contrasting white coral print. It’s beautifully tailored, durable and UV-resistant so it will keep its gorgeous color for seasons to come.
Tailored for our modular outdoor collection, this cushion is easy to work into a variety of patio settings. It's thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it also has removable ties, is exceptionally soft and feels completely at home indoors, too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions with white piping and removable ties. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our our modular furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a durable, polyester fabric, our comfy back cushion enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions with white piping. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular seat cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven modular seat cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular seat cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular back cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular corner cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular back cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular seat cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular back cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our modular corner cushion. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Things you expect from an indoor/outdoor modular seat cushion: Goes-with-anything color and UV protection. Something you might not expect: A soft, plush texture and mildew-resistance. Can we expect you soon?
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: This indoor/outdoor cushion. Finished in deep-hued fabric, each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our modular furniture, making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: This indoor/outdoor corner cushion. Finished in a deep-hued colorfast fabric, it's specifically fashioned to fit our modular furniture, making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Tailored for our outdoor modular collection, this cushion is actually easy to work into a variety of patio settings. It's thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it's also exceptionally soft, so this is one outdoor cushion that'll feel completely at home indoors, too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: This indoor/outdoor back cushion. Finished in a deep-hued colorfast fabric, it's specifically fashioned to fit our modular furniture, making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our large, square outdoor cushions. Finished in a deep-hued colorfast fabric, each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our modular furniture, making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Tailored for our modular outdoor collection, this chaise cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, so it feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our outdoor modular collection, this chaise cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it's also exceptionally soft, so this is one all-weather cushion that'll feel completely at home indoors, too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, our comfy back cushion enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Sometimes, adding just the right accent can create an entirely new look. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Sometimes, adding just the right accent can create an entirely new look. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Relax. Whether you have the Echo Beach Chaise that faces left or right, this seat cushion flips for a natural fit. In the season’s favorite neutral, it’s made of plush, polyester fabric that's perfect for the patio or poolside. Back cushion available separately.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, our comfy back cushion enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Tailored for our outdoor modular collection, this cushion is actually easy to work into a variety of patio settings. It's thick, supportive, durable and covered with plush, polyester fabric. But it's also exceptionally soft, so this is one outdoor cushion that feels completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored for our modular outdoor collection, these cushions are actually easy to work into a variety of patio settings. They're thick, supportive, durable and covered with plush, polyester fabric. But they're also exceptionally soft, so they'll feel completely at home indoors too.
Tailored for our modular outdoor collection, this cushion is actually easy to work into a variety of patio settings. It's thick, supportive, durable and covered with plush, polyester fabric. But it's also exceptionally soft, so it'll feel completely at home indoors too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, our comfy back cushion enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Finished in plush, polyester fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a plush, polyester fabric, our comfy back cushion enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our our modular furniture, making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. It enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Our hand-woven cushion is pretty and plush with a polyester construction that's designed for an outdoor setting. Made to make things a little more comfortable, it's the perfect party guest at backyard get-togethers.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad Deluxe outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, to feel completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, to feel completely at home indoors, too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad Deluxe outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, to feel completely at home indoors, too.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Like the final puzzle piece that completes a picture, this cushion is made to fit the Katerina dining chair perfectly. Soft and comfortable, it's designed to last both indoors and outdoors.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushions. Each piece is specifically fashioned to fit our Echo Beach furniture, making it an even more comfortable place to kick back.
Like the final puzzle piece that completes a picture, this cushion is made to fit the Katerina dining chair perfectly. Soft and comfortable, it's designed to last both indoors and outdoors.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad Deluxe outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, to feel completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, to feel completely at home indoors, too.
Tailored specifically for our Ciudad Deluxe outdoor collection, this cushion is thick, supportive and covered with durable fabric. But it’s also exceptionally soft, so it feels completely at home indoors, too.
Can our iconic Cabana Papasan Stool get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. Now relax indoors or out—we mean it.
Can our iconic Papasan Stool get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. Now relax—we mean it.
Featuring a daring damask pattern, Keegan creates the sophisticated ambience your personal Papasan retreat needs. Fabric is mildew-resistant and UV-treated for durability indoors or out.
Our cool cream cushion will reawaken your appreciation of all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papasan look great, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric.
Create a calm, soothing spot to kick back and relax with this fresh design. Our tufted, leafy green cushion boasts mildew-resistant, UV-protected fabric for durability.
Introducing homegrown versatility. Fashioned with UV-resistant fabric, our plush cushion flourishes indoors or out. And its reversible design lets you set the scene as you please. What’ll it be today? Impressionist-inspired florals or vibrant stripes?
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush Swingasan® Cushion. Ideal for indoors and out, it's constructed of UV-resistant polyester, making it perfect for a patio lunch or a moonlit dinner party.
Thanks to our Ballantyne cushion’s thick, tufted construction and gusseted piped edging, you can hibernate among a field of flowers all winter long. It’s also UV-protected so you can enjoy it under the sun, too.
What makes our Outta Sight Papasan Cushion outta sight? According to a '60s guide to slang, it’s because it’s cool, awesome—even groovy. We concur with this assessment because, indeed, our tie-dye-like print in denim blues and white evokes fun and good times.
Named after a windmill in England, our Kempsey Papasan Cushion is covered with happy pinwheels of daisies, asters and sunflowers. This carefree pattern evokes images of sitting in a meadow on a sunny day year-round. You know what else makes Kempsey carefree? It's UV-, mold- and mildew-resistant.
Heat up your Papasan with our piping-hot cushion that combines florals with a medallion pattern that instantly attracts the eye of every guest. Tufting creates an irresistible sense of comfort in a fabric that's mildew-resistant and UV-treated for durability indoors or out.
Add an oh-so-haute hue to your indoor/outdoor decor. Constructed of thick, tufted weather-resistant fabric that’s exceptionally soft, our Swingasan® Cushion is ready to hang when you are.
Update your indoor/outdoor decor with bold color and a healthy dose of relaxation. Constructed of thick, tufted weather-resistant fabric that’s exceptionally soft, our Swingasan® Cushion is ready to hang when you are.
Our Swingasan® Cushion brings the season’s freshest flavor to your indoor/outdoor decor. It’s ready to hang wherever you want, thanks to thick, tufted construction, self-welting detail and a weather-resistant fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Our Swingasan® Cushion brings the season’s hottest spice to your indoor/outdoor decor. It’s ready to hang wherever you want, thanks to thick, tufted construction, self-welting detail and a weather-resistant fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Our Swingasan® Cushion brings the season’s fave neutral to your indoor/outdoor decor. It’s ready to hang wherever you want, thanks to thick, tufted construction, self-welting detail and a weather-resistant fabric that's exceptionally soft.
This Cabana Papasan cushion offers its creamy cabana goodness on both sides. So no matter how you look at it, you’re still getting a wonderfully soft polyester fabric that's UV-protected and mildew-resistant in the season's yummiest color.
Add a new touch of coolness to your Cabana Papasan Stool with this turquoise-colored cushion. Surprisingly soft polyester fabric is UV-protected and mildew-resistant for a lasting cushiness that approaches icon status.
Our zesty citrus cushion will reawaken your appreciation of all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papa(san) proud, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a slice of citrus.
Our zesty citrus cushion will reawaken your appreciation of all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papa(san) doubly proud, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a double slice of citrus.
Add a touch of extra zest to your Cabana Papasan Stool with this citrus-colored cushion. Surprisingly soft polyester fabric is UV-protected and mildew-resistant for a lasting cushiness that approaches icon status.
Our cool cobalt cushion will reawaken your appreciation of all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papa(san) proud, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a quick trip to Coolsville.
Add a touch of coolness to your Cabana Papasan Stool with this cobalt-colored cushion. Surprisingly soft polyester fabric is UV-protected and mildew-resistant for a lasting cushiness that approaches icon status.
Our cool cobalt cushion will reawaken your appreciation of all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papa(san) doubly proud, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a trip to Coolsville.
Our tomato cushion will rekindle your passion for all things outdoors and make your Cabana Papa(san) proud, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a quick warm-up.
Add a big serving of warmth to your Cabana Papasan Stool with this tomato-colored cushion. Surprisingly soft polyester fabric is UV-protected and mildew-resistant for a lasting cushiness that approaches icon status.
Our turquoise cushion brings a cool jewel-like crown to your Cabana Papasan, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a quick pick-me-up.
Our turquoise cushion brings a cool jewel-like crown to your Cabana Papasan, indoors or out, with its UV-protected and mildew-resistant fabric. So go ahead. Give your Papa a double pick-me-up.
You know what makes winters easier to bear for your Cabana Papasan? Just knowing that this hot fun is on its way, with its luxurious, surprisingly soft polyester fabric that's UV-protected and mildew-resistant.
You know what makes winters easier to bear for your double outdoor papasan? Just knowing that these fresh summer daisies on a bright green field are coming, with their surprisingly soft polyester fabric that's UV-protected and mildew-resistant.
Update your living space—indoors or out—with our modern take on the timeless suzani print. It will add a welcome global touch to your Papasan, and since the fabric is durable and UV-resistant, you can enjoy its beauty for years to come.
When Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, she was secretly wishing it was a bright, bean-filled, UV-protected outdoor seat that was also quick, fun seating for impromptu backyard get-togethers. Poor Miss Muffet. Lucky you.
Now here's just what you've been looking for—a chair with just enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. Looks and works great in a fabric that's super-soft to the touch and ready to perch just about anywhere.
Named after a windmill in England, our Kempsey Bean Bag is covered with happy pinwheels of daisies, asters and sunflowers. This carefree pattern evokes images of sitting in a meadow on a sunny day year-round. You know what else makes Kempsey carefree? It's UV-, mold- and mildew-resistant. Talk about fun in the sun.
What makes our Outta Sight Bean Bag outta sight? According to a '60s guide to slang, it’s because it’s cool, awesome—even groovy. We concur with this assessment because, indeed, our tie-dye-like print in denim blues and white evokes fun and good times.
It's a seat. It's a table. It's both. Our cube has just enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to perch just about anywhere.
Now here's just what you've been looking for—a float with just enough structure to hold its shape in a colorful, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to help you enjoy relaxing in the pool.
It's a seat. It's a table. It's both. Our cube has just enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to perch just about anywhere.
Now here's just what you've been looking for—a float with just enough structure to hold its shape in a colorful, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to help you enjoy relaxing in the pool.
It's a seat. It's a table. It's both. Our cube has just enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to perch just about anywhere.
Now here's just what you've been looking for—a float with just enough structure to hold its shape in a colorful, comfy and lightweight design. In a fabric that's super-soft to the touch, it's ready to help you enjoy relaxing in the pool.
Subtle, simple accessories often create a just-right decorative touch. Case in point: Our practically perfect outdoor cushion. Finished in a mildew-resistant, UV-resistant fabric, each piece enhances the look of patio furniture while making it a more plush and comfortable place to kick back.
Neat, crisp, classically modern and meticulously crafted to stay that way. Our Chaise Lounge Cushion keeps its looks and shape season after season, with colorfast fabrics for both indoors and out. Perfect.
This Chaise Lounge Cushion is thick, supportive, durable and covered with fabric that's been treated to resist the elements. But it's also exceptionally soft, so this is one all-weather cushion that'll feel completely at home indoors, too.
This Chaise Lunge Cushion is thick, supportive, durable and covered with fabric that's been treated to resist weather and fading. But it’s also exceptionally soft, so it feels completely at home indoors, too.
This Chaise Lounge Cushion is thick, supportive, durable and covered with fabric that's been treated to resist the elements. But it's also exceptionally soft, so this is one all-weather cushion that'll feel completely at home indoors, too.
Neat, crisp, classically modern and meticulously crafted to stay that way. Our Chaise Lounge Cushion keeps its looks and shape season after season, with colorfast fabrics for both indoors and out. Perfect.
Ah, the harmony of inner and outer beauty. With inner springs, multi-layered construction and a neutral color, this cushion has a perfect balance of look and feel. Both of which are relaxing.
Our popular Daisy pattern, now in a warm, tailored, richly detailed cushion. Use it to pull together the look of all your dining chairs, to pick up favorite colors from an armchair, or flip it over and enjoy coordinating chenille stripes. That's how we keep daisies fresh.
We're definitely counting these chickens—they've hatched and  grown up on our dining chair seat cushions, in a field of heliotropes, mums and sunflowers, with gingham backing and ties. And that's comforting—to sit on.
The classic dining cushion has taken a sweet turn with bees on one side and embroidered squares on the reverse. Tie this honey of a cushion onto your dining chair and get everyone buzzing.
This classic dining cushion combines a sophisticated palette of blues, greens and pinks in a budding pattern on one side, with a novel, multicolor houndstooth check on the other. This is a comfortable, supportive cushion that anyone could linger on for hours, so be sure to provide it to your very favorite dinner guests.
The dining cushion for nature lovers. Or green lovers. Or fun-stripes-on-the-reverse lovers. And, of course, anyone who would rather sit on a soft cushion than on a bare hardwood seat.
Create an uncomplicated sense of style with our neutral dining chair cushion. Hand-tucked along the gusset, this comfy cushion's natural good looks are well-suited to enhance weighty wood furnishings while giving guests a plush place to sit back and fest.
Our beautifully banded cushion brings an immediate energy to your sit-down gatherings, thanks to its boldly contrasting colors, loomed in an intriguing-but-never-fussy pattern. And with a generous stuffing of the softest polyester, it offers resilient comfort at the same time. At last, the energy to enjoy your comfort.
Gratitude is so much more than thanks. It always includes blessing, sharing, grace and gathering—all of which is expressed here, on our script-printed cotton-linen seat cushion. With contrasting piping and ties, our gratitude is appropriate for any season of the year.
Perfectly tailored to soften our Kubu Dining Chair (sold separately), this cushion presents a natural complement to the hand-woven rattan, and features self-welting for a crisp look. Durably filled to hold its shape for seasons to come.
Picnic in a field of flowers without ever leaving your seat. Our Meadow cushion combines a durable viscose linen with a traditional Jacobean floral print in soft pastels on one side and a solid pale blue on the reverse. Quite possibly the tastiest looking morsel at the table.
The classic dining cushion has taken a sweet turn with dragonflies on one side and pretty plaid on the reverse. Tie this high-flying cushion onto your dining chair and get everyone buzzing.
Thanks to its cheerful (and reversible) geo-floral pattern in contrasting blue and ivory, our Alta Dining Cusion is as versatile as it is comfortable. This ingenious design gives you two cushions in one with just a quick flip.
Embroidery work? Check. Appliques? Check. Vibrant colors? Check. Our super-comfortable dining cushion comes with a fringed edge and ties to your dining chair so you can sit pretty and comfortably.
Embroidery work? Check. Appliques? Check. Muted colors? Check. Our super-comfortable dining cushion comes with a fringed edge and ties to your dining chair so you can sit pretty and comfortably.
Let our lace cushion complete your dining style. Constructed of soft linen and cotton, filled with plush polyester and trimmed in delicate lace, it brings extra sweetness and inviting style to any table setting.
Add softness to your dining space with our chenille trimmed cushion. Stuffed with plush polyester and boasting a calm, blue textured cover, it instantly makes every dish and each dining experience more dreamy and delightful.
Every kitchen deserves a pop of color, and our bright dining cushion is just that. The bold yellow is perfectly complemented by the soft and subtle pattern, making it an easy addition to any kitchen or dining room.
With a timeless style and perfect blue tone, our soft, woven dining cushion is the perfect addition to any kitchen or dining room. The light pattern is reminiscent of your favorite set of china, and the plush polyester filling gives it functionality to match its good looks.
We’ve got our eyes on stripes, and we’re crazy for the cool blue and green tones that make up the stripes on our plush dining cushion. It’s not only a comfortable addition to your dining space but a festive, colorful one, too.
You'll welcome Dominga to dinner anytime. Wonderfully neutral in a weathered, warm brown, our dining cushion will add lovely lived-in comfort to your dining chair.
Make mealtime more charming—and more comfy, too—with our delightful dining cushion, complete with a ruffled border and warm neutral color.
Cora is a welcome dinner guest. Heathered fabric, piped edges and a gusset give this dining companion classic good looks with timeless appeal. Have a seat and make yourself comfortable.
Let our lace cushion complete your dining style. Constructed of soft cotton and linen, filled with plush polyester and trimmed in delicate lace, it brings extra sweetness and inviting style to any table setting.
Add softness to your dining space with our chenille-trimmed cushion. Stuffed with plush polyester and boasting a fresh, yellow textured cover, it instantly makes every dish and dining experience more dreamy and delightful.
Add softness to your dining space with our chenille-trimmed cushion. Stuffed with plush polyester and boasting a deep green textured cover, it instantly makes every dish and dining experience more dreamy and delightful.
Add softness to your dining space with our chenille-trimmed cushion. Stuffed with plush polyester and boasting a crisp, white textured cover, it instantly makes every dish and dining experience more dreamy and delightful.
Our striped cushion lets you shift right into neutral but also brings a little bling to your sit-down gatherings, thanks to subtle yet energetic metallic-thread detailing. And with a generous stuffing of soft polyester, it offers resilient comfort at the same time.
We love the zigzag. Maybe it’s the sound of the word. Maybe it’s the way we move when we say it. Maybe it’s the way order is interrupted—zig, then, zag. Whatever the reason, our cushion will play well on your dining chair. The sharp color contrast and the slim, contemporary comfort give the zigzag the right rhythm.
Flaunting a chipper, spring-inspired palette, this plump cushion features an array of lively icons—a butterfly, a bird and blooming flowers. All beautifully embroidered, appliqued and backed by a subtle damask pattern. The finishing touches? Cute tie-backs and piping.
Cora is a welcome dinner guest. Heathered fabric, piped edges and a 2" gusset give this dining companion classic good looks with timeless appeal. Have a seat and make yourself comfortable.
Bringing fall style to your dining room usually means creating a harvest tablescape, but why stop there? Our Plaid Deer Dining Cushion is right on trend in the season's colors, and it's sure to start a fun conversation before dinner is even served.
Inspired by chalkboard decor, our cushion is covered with uplifting words and phrases designed to fill any kitchen or dining room with positivity. Matching tie-backs keep it in place, erasing any concerns about straightening up.
Even if geometry was never your strong suit, you’ll get an A+ in style with our posh-looking chair cushion. Geometric circles outlined in golden, fringe-like threads catch the eye, and the timeless shape means this design is the right answer for all types of decor.
It's always the right time to enjoy good food with good friends, especially with our charming linen-look chair cushion. An assortment of vintage and modern clocks embellished with silvery embroidery enhance the timeless yet unique design.
The traditional suzani design receives a creative new update in our vibrant chair cushion. Luxurious chenille thread adds to the elegance of this beautiful design, crafted in standout modern shades.
Our lively polyester dining cushion features an oversized paisley print in jeweled tones of teal, orange, green and burgundy with a solid denim-look reverse. It’s more durable than delicate and makes a superb seating choice for guests dining indoors or out.
Comfort is in bloom. Our dining cushion features oversized embroidered and appliqued flowers on a striped cotton/linen-blend background.
Our thick, festive cushion features textured red velvet and shimmering, satin ribbon ties. Give your guests a dose of elegant comfort—perfect for holiday entertaining and beyond.
Our classic dining cushion combines a comforting neutral palette of grays and tans with a solid tan reverse. With super-soft fabric, this supportive cushion will provide hours of comfort at the breakfast table.
Curl up with this fuzzy sand-colored Double Papasan Cushion and unwind. To find the most comfortable position, please consult a cat. If you don't have a cat, just move around until everything feels just right because that's what this cushion was created for...total relaxation. Double Papasan Chair sold separately.
For years, Papasan scientists have been working round-the-clock in our Papasan laboratories, attempting to design a cushion that would dramatically amp up the ah factor of the average Papasan chair. Success!
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: It's the fasted, easiest way to turn your comfy Papasan Chair into something completely wild.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: It's the fasted, easiest way to turn your comfy Double Papasan Chair into something completely wild.
Curl up with this fuzzy Papasan cushion and unwind. To find the most comfortable position, please consult a cat. If you don't have a cat, simply move around until everything feels just right because that's what this cushion was created for: Total relaxation.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the soothing, calming comfort of a Papasan Chair, someone creates a durable Papasan cushion in the soothing, calming, comforting color of the sea. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but it's clearly the easiest way to turn a Papasan Stool into one wild experience for your feet.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but it's clearly the easiest way to turn a Papasan Stool into a wild experience for your feet.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: It's the fasted, easiest way to turn your comfy Papasan Chair into something completely wild.
How do you improve on a chair that's perfectly comfortable? With a soft, durable, neutral-tone cushion that perfectly blends with nearly any setting.
Isn't this sweet? A soft but durable chocolatey brown plush cushion for your Double Papasan Chair. Could we have made it any more tempting?
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: It's the fastest, easiest way to turn your comfy Double Papasan Chair into something completely wild.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the soothing, calming comfort of a Double Papasan Chair, someone creates a durable cushion in the soothing, calming, comforting color of the sea. Well, that's what you get for assuming—complete relaxation.
Choosing a cushion for your Double Papasan Chair is now easier than ever. With our plethora of possibilities, just go with what you like. And what's not to like about this calming and comforting color? Now just sit back and relax; choice made, job done.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. In fact, it's a real plum. Now relax—we mean it.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any groovier, baby? Just pair it with our luxuriously shaggy cushion filled with the softest polyester and the answer is definitely yes. Now relax—we mean it.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a matching stool, handcrafted of natural—and naturally durable—rattan, topped with a plush, colorful cushion. Aaaah. Now you're all set to really relax.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a matching stool, handcrafted of natural—and naturally durable—rattan, topped with a fun, fuzzy cushion. Aaaah. Now you're all set to really relax.
How do you improve on a stool that's perfectly comfortable? With a soft, durable, neutral-tone cushion that perfectly blends with nearly any setting.
Isn't this sweet? A soft but durable chocolatey brown plush cushion for your Papasan Stool. Could we have made it any more tempting?
Isn't this sweet? A soft but durable chocolatey brown plush cushion for your Papasan Chair. Could we have made it any more tempting?
How do you improve on a chair that's perfectly comfortable? With a soft, durable, neutral-tone cushion that perfectly blends with nearly any setting.
Can our iconic Papasan Stool get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. In fact, it's a real plum.
The rich color of this velvety cushion will add a luxurious touch to your chair. But it's the incredibly soft texture that will make you feel like a member of the admiralty.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. In a color worth stopping for.
Can our iconic Papasan Stool get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted cushy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. In a color worth stopping for.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a fuzzy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. That's sage advice, just for you. Now relax—we mean it.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any groovier? Just pair it with our luxuriously shaggy cushion filled with the softest polyester and the answer is definitely yes. Now relax—we mean it.
For years, our Papasan scientists have been working around the clock, attempting to design a cushion that would dramatically amp up the ahhh factor of the average Papasan chair. Today, we're proud to present their latest development—the Papasan Cushion with extra fuzzy and even more cush. Papa's on this one, alright.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: It's the fastest, easiest way to turn your comfy Double Papasan Chair into something even more comfy—the ultimate cush.
It may be a fuzzy cushion, but this much is clear: If you want to turn your Papasan Stool into something even more comfy, this is your obvious, cushy choice. Who's your Papa?
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the fresh, natural, calming comfort of a Papasan Chair, someone creates a soft, durable, plush Papasan cushion in the fresh, calming color of grass. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the fun and comfort of a Papasan Chair, someone creates a soft, durable, plush Papasan cushion in fun, comforting turquoise. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the fresh, natural, calming comfort of a Papasan Stool, someone creates a soft, durable, plush Papasan cushion in the fresh, calming color of grass. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the fun and comfort of a Papasan Stool, someone creates a soft, durable, plush Papasan cushion in a fun and comforting turquoise. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Pair it with a fitted fuzzy cushion filled with soft polyester and the answer is definitely yes. Now relax—we mean it.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the comfort of a Papasan Chair, someone creates a soft, durable, fuzzy Papasan cushion in fern green. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Just when you assume there's no way to improve on the comfort of a Papasan Stool, someone creates a soft, durable, fuzzy Papasan cushion in fern green. Well, that's what you get for assuming.
Can our iconic Papasan Chair get any cozier? Plump it with a faux chinchilla cushion, and the answer is yes. The warmth and deep-pile softness of this gorgeous design will make you feel like royalty.
Can our Papasan Stool get any cozier? Top it with a plush, colorful cushion filled with soft polyester, and the answer is definitely yes.
Can our iconic Papasan  get any cozier? Pair it with a cushy, fuzzy cushion filled with soft polyester in a deep forest green and the answer is definitely yes.  Now relax—we mean it.
Give your Papasan a companion it can really cozy up to with our latest global patchwork-print cushion. Rich in warm hues, the fabric is UV- and mildew-resistant for durability indoors or out.
Our Papasan cushion brings the season’s coolest color to your indoor/outdoor decor. It’s ready to brighten things up wherever you want it, thanks to its thick, tufted construction, double-stitch edging and a weather-resistant fabric that's exceptionally soft.
Now here's just what you've been looking for—a chair with faux leather around the base and just enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. Looks and works great in a fabric that's super-soft to the touch and ready to perch just about anywhere.
There was a time you would never have seen the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. This is now. And now that you've set eyes on this cozy, a-tealing, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
Now here’s just what you’ve bean looking for—a chair with enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. Looks and works great in a fabric that’s super-soft to the touch and ready to perch just about anywhere.
When Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, she was secretly wishing for this comfy, bead-filled seat that could also serve for quick, fun seating for impromptu get-togethers. Poor Miss Muffet. Lucky you.
Now here’s just what you’ve bean looking for—a chair with enough structure to hold its shape in a color-filled, comfy and lightweight design. Looks and works great in a fabric that’s super-soft to the touch and ready to perch just about anywhere.
When Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, she was secretly wishing for this comfy, bead-filled seat that could also serve for quick, fun seating for impromptu get-togethers. Poor Miss Muffet. Lucky you.
There was a time you would never have seen the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. But now that you've set eyes on this cozy, ebony, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
There was a time you would never have seen the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. But now that you've set eyes on this cozy, charcoal-colored, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
There was a time you could never imagine the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. This is now. And now that you've set eyes on this cozy, comfy, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
Maybe there was a time you never thought you'd see the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. This is now. And now that you've set eyes on this cozy, colorful, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
There was a time you would never have seen the words "luxury" and "bean bag chair" in the same sentence. That was then. This is now. And now that you've set eyes on this cozy, chocolaty, fuzzy, faux-furry little number, well, "luxury bean bag chair" makes perfect sense.
Looking for a luxe bench cushion? Here's our best bet. This sumptuous little number features tufted top and sides, and comes in a gorgeous shade of teal. Who knew getting benched could be so good?
Looking for a luxe bench cushion? Here's our best bet. This sumptuous little number features tufted top and sides and comes in a beautiful shade of blue. Who knew getting benched could be so good?
Our beautifully banded cushion brings an immediate energy to your sit-down gatherings, thanks to its boldly contrasting colors, loomed in an intriguing-but-never-fussy pattern. And with a generous stuffing of the softest polyester, it offers resilient comfort at the same time. At last, the energy to enjoy your comfort.
Gratitude is so much more than thanks. It always includes blessing, sharing, grace and gathering—all of which are expressed here, on our script-printed cotton/linen-blend cushion. With black piping and buttons, our gratitude is appropriate for any season of the year.
Flaunting a chipper, spring-inspired palette, our plump cushion features an array of lively icons—a butterfly, a bird and blooming flowers—all beautifully embroidered, appliqued and backed by a subtle damask pattern.
Turtles have great significance in feng shui, as they symbolize long life, good health and prosperity. When lit, our little banded-metal turtle will cast a beautiful glow on its surroundings, indoors or out. This Pier 1 exclusive might be just the thing to bring you good fortune.
There's something special about driftwood—the way it's tossed and turned by the waves, washed against rocks and transformed from the ordinary into nature's sculptured art. Our exclusive Driftwood Star Tealight Holder with rope and shell detailing will cast a soft, welcome glow in any room with it’s natural beauty.
Our seagoing fellow, made of ombre-painted, banded metal, “spouts” a warm glow of candlelight from his back. A Pier 1 exclusive, it will make a splash in any indoor or outdoor setting.
Inspired by nature and crafted by our artisans, this ivory ceramic clamshell can be set aglow with the addition of a single tealight. A rather enchanting addition to any room.
Sea turtles generally live on continental shelves. Which means your bookshelf is the perfect place for this exclusive driftwood tealight to thrive.
An ingenious design featuring a handblown glass jar fitted with a removable hanging tealight holder. No reaching down inside the jar to retrieve burned-out candles—just lift the metal holder and there you go. Easy ambience.
From India, our little holder is highlighted by hand-painted glass tiles, each one arranged to make the most of your tealight's flame.
Consider this your next trophy. Our handcrafted tealight holder combines natural motifs with candlelit romance, thanks to distressed golden antlers and a glass hurricane. A prized find and a Pier 1 exclusive.
Sparkle and shine with our little jewel of a tealight holder handcrafted of glittering glass and silvery woven wire. Create a different ambience by switching between our wax and LED tealights. Why stop at just one? Buy several, scatter them across a table and feel like you’re dining among diamonds.
A shimmering votive holder with a metallic, cut-glass mosaic design. This must be the definition of "a little romance."
For sheer glitter-power, few things hold a candle to the classic glass mosaic. Here, slivers of teal translucent glass are topped with a gold beaded rim to create a magically warm glow when your votive is lit at night. By day, the handcrafted holder serves as a decorative accent that sparkles in the sun. Regardless of the hour, the look is perfectly enchanting.
From the Latin phrase meaning “four leaves,” the quatrefoil is a decorative framework prominent in art, architecture and religious symbolism. Such noble ancestry makes our votive holder a great gift. This Pier 1 exclusive is crafted from antiqued-gold iron with a clear glass insert—perfect for casting a gothic glow about the room.
Let us set the framework for the perfect candlelit evening. Our exclusive quatrefoil stemmed votive sets pretty high standards with its impressive stature,  silvery finish and single, clear glass votive—a pair would be really impressive.
Even without a candle, our pillar stands will set the mood. Hand-forged and exclusive to Pier 1, they’ll light up your candlescapes, tabletop or buffet with an ethereal glow from within. It’s unexpected but truly captivating.
Our hand-painted, wrought iron rooster pillar stand doesn't need to make a sound to revive the look of your family room or covered patio.
It’s not just for the deck. Let this rustic Rope Pillar Stand support a candle—in a variety of places. Exclusively Pier 1.
Glassy and classy, our Mercury Glass Candleholders are silver and stylish, crafted of aluminum and glass with etched and an antiqued finish.
Light up your mantel, entryway or a centerpiece with our clear glass hurricane supported by a carved mango wood pedestal. A Pier1 exclusive.
Even when it's not lit, our sconce is an evocative statement of handcrafted style and glamour, bringing its golden and bronze tones to the fore. Lit with tealights, it brings dancing shadows into relief, creating an artistic experience of light and color. A Pier 1 exclusive.
We've taken the idea of a sconce to a whole new dimension. A trio of dazzling trees, rendered in hand-set glass and hand-painted metallic leaves, stands (in its box frame) as a statement on its own. With the strategic addition of tealights, the three-dimensional artistry leaps into view. Behold, our tree of lights, exclusively Pier 1.
Our handcrafted, hand-painted, wrought iron Zander sconce has a contemporary zigzag vibe, which offers a tasteful contrast to its traditional glass hurricanes. securely perched on the sconce. A Pier 1 exclusive, this versatile wall piece can easily transition from season to season—use LED candles and decorate it with garland that reflects your style.
Tealights never glowed as delightfully as they do on our golden sconce. Handcrafted and hand-painted, our wrought iron deer has antlers that resemble a tree leafing out. Glass holders perch securely among the antler leaves. Use LED tealights and add some holiday garland to transition from fall to winter.
Inspired by the enchanting Italian landscape, our framed, open-scroll tealight sconce is crafted of wood and iron that has been intentionally distressed to add a dose of rustic character. It will cast a warm Tuscan glow for all to enjoy. It’s beautiful as a standalone piece or even more impressive when grouped with other special pieces of artwork. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Our artfully arranged bronze-toned iron ring sconce would be a statement all on its own, but its mirrors add depth and sparkle. Then, we wound it up a notch with five glass tealight holders. Try it with our worry-free LED tealights and start an industrial revolution of style.
Smitten with our one-of-a-kind wall sconce? We get it. After all, it’s handcrafted of mango wood and designed to dazzle in more ways than one. Its elegant carvings, shimmering backdrop of meandering glass tiles and seven fixed tealight holders offer extra depth, dimension and illumination.
Modern mood lighting emanates from our exclusive sconce. It’s artfully crafted of iron with a rich, copper color and foiled finish. Add a pillar to the glass hurricane and enjoy stunning illumination wherever you need it—entryway, hallway or living room.
Here’s romantic lighting at its finest. Artfully handcrafted of iron, our exclusive wall sconce combines an elegant scrolling silhouette with a gorgeous copper tone, making it ideally suited for flanking works of art or illuminating hallways.
Inspired by the petals of the iris, fleur-de-lis emblems have been used on royal and religious insignia for centuries. Given that, it's no wonder our artisans used the noble design to create the timeless good looks of this handcrafted cast iron sconce. Light a candle inside the glass sleeve, and guests will no doubt feel a touch more worthy.
Leave it to a shape with no corners to brighten up even the darkest corners of your home. Handcrafted of iron, our geometric wall sconce brings instant ambience with five tealights. Exclusive to Pier 1.
Has lighting ever been more charming? Dangling from iron hooks, our Mason jars use the glow of tealights to set a timeless mood—whether you’re hosting a party, enjoying after-dinner conversation or just sipping a glass of iced tea. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Flickering candelight isn’t the only way our sconce can add a romantic touch to your hall, entry or living room. Even without a pillar, its scrolling metalwork, embellished by fleur-de-lis designs, creates a refined atmosphere. You’ll find this kind of charm exclusively at Pier 1.
Bring your walls to life with our stunning sconce. Its metalwork is something to behold—handcrafted, pierced iron in a dramatic gold. Exclusively Pier 1, it’s sure to light up your home in more ways than one.
Candlelight reflects beautifully off our mirrored, quatrefoil sconce that's framed with a weathered wood plank. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Our mirrored wall sconce has a single pillar holder set within a frame of gently distressed plank wood. The handcrafted piece is well-executed and neatly refined. Not only that, it’s a Pier 1-of-a-kind.
Bring the ocean inside with this stunner. Our driftwood sconce is a dramatic statement and a one of a kind creation. Pair it with one of our scented pillars for even more atmosphere. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Look what just drifted in. The coziness of a bonfire by the beach brought inside. Here’s a gorgeous, one-of-a-kind piece to place on mantels, hall tables or as an accent for your covered deck or patio. Holds five tealights.
Decorated with seaside-inspired baubles, our silver-toned wall sconce brings a brilliant, coastal element to any empty wall space. Styled with sophistication, it is perfectly at home with any decor, beach-inspired or not.
Hand-carved out of albasia wood, our feather sconce features an iron stand and elegant golden finish that’s a brilliant complement to candlelight. Adding texture and character, it easily floats from a hallway to a doorway to a bedroom, versatile in its ability to brighten your favorite spaces.
Our intricately designed flower sconce is cut from cast iron and finished with a dazzling gold tone. The mirror accent covers any room in dancing candle light, giving this sweet sconce the ability to create a warm, romantic atmosphere wherever it goes.
The only thing that can make a mosaic of shimmering mother of pearl more beautiful is to add candlelight. Once illuminated, each piece of our mosaic sconce dances and glows, bathing your space in stunning, sophisticated style.
Swooping lines of iron create the orb shape of our wall sconce and add movement and intrigue to your interior design. The soft, golden tone mixes easily with neutrals but still brings a sense of drama to any empty wall space.
Our golden wall sconce is the missing link in your interior decor. Stacked rings give the impression of a hanging lantern while the scrolled stand carries out the illusion of movement. Its unique design will put the finishing touch on your personal style.
Our silver-toned wall sconce is the missing link in your interior decor. Stacked rings give the impression of a hanging lantern while the scrolled stand carries out the illusion of movement. Its unique design will put the finishing touch on your personal style.
We took a timeless tradition and made it our own with our Mosaic Wave Sconce. Light bounces off bits of glass to illuminate your space and add interest to your design aesthetic. Whether you use several to line a hallway or two to frame your bed, they’re sure to make a shining addition to your home.
Look closely, and you’ll see that there’s much more to our sconce than simple utility. It’s a mirror and candleholder, sure. But with its handsome handcrafted albasia wood frame, it’s also a gallery-worthy work of art.
Iron hooks create a home for your lanterns to hang, as the kids would say. We would say that at least they have a place to stay out of trouble. We’re talking lanterns, right?
Pair this hook with your favorite glass lanterns to create the ultimate outdoor party atmosphere. Made of sturdy, rust-resistant iron, it's built to stand up to all the elements.
Crafted of wrought iron, this sturdy stand accommodates hanging lanterns so your garden can enjoy a soft glow from all angles.
What’s sweeter than the perfect hanging lantern on your patio or in your garden? A little bird forever perched on top of your lantern hook—making your spaces even more charming. Hand-painted and crafted of iron, it’s lovely indoors or out.
Hang your favorite lantern anywhere in the yard with our rust-resistant, hand-painted, Iron Shepherd's Hook, finished in a warm, golden tone.
It’s more than a hook. Our hook is handcrafted of iron in a scrolling vine silhouette and hand-painted a rich, pewter hue. A Pier 1 exclusive.
It’s more than a hook. Our hook is handcrafted of iron in a scrolling vine silhouette and hand-painted a rich, golden hue. Made exclusively for Pier 1, it's also tall enough to support any lantern, anywhere.
Sometimes you just need enough chain to hang your lantern at the perfect height. Or link two or three across a room to hang several. So here it is.
Do you see a gracious magnolia flower or a serene lotus flower blossoming open? (We promise not to post on your timeline what your answer says about your personality.) It’s easy to envision both, as this clear glass hurricane nestled in its leafy metal base is charming and tranquil in equal amounts. Place a candle inside, invite friends over and give them the quiz.
Little bits of glam, like our golden, scroll hurricane, offer an easy way to add distinct style to your decor. The intricate, handcrafted design glows, and when lit up, it creates a romantic atmosphere in any room.
Evoke the serenity of the forest with our Antler Hurricane. Candlelight instantly enhances each antler point, casting mesmerizing shadows and turning any room into an inviting retreat.
The perfect place for a pillar candle is wrapped in intricately decorated wrought iron, punctuated with shiny pearl-look accents. Ideal as part of a centerpiece or lighting up your favorite shelf or table space, our lovely hurricane is a must-have for adding ambience to your decor.
The perfect place for a pillar candle is wrapped in intricately decorated wrought iron. Ideal for creating a centerpiece around or for lighting up your favorite shelf or table, our lovely leafy hurricane instantly adds ambience to your room.
The hammered texture of our handblown glass hurricane creates an especially beautiful, watery refraction of candlelight. Add your favorite pillar candle and enjoy the evening with this Pier 1 exclusive.
The warm glow of a candle is always a welcoming treat. Our exclusive Old World-style Brantley Hurricane is made of glass and rich mango wood and features a subtle armed pineapple shape. Did you know that pineapples have been a sign of hospitality since Colonial times? Create a generous reception for all your guests and visitors.
Feathers have alighted on fashion runways this season so it’s understandable that they’re floating into home decor as well. Made exclusively for Pier 1, our clear glass hurricane is framed with a golden iron frame handcrafted into a circle of feathers.
Whether it’s an Arabian night or an evening at home, our Moroccan-inspired hurricane brings an exotic element to your room. The handcrafted steel frame forms a circuitous front around a glass sleeve while the antique moss finish and crystal accents ensure the flickering candlelight casts an altogether enchanting glow.
Some hurricanes really know how to put on a show. And like any brilliant piece, ours does so in romantic and dramatic style with handblown, hand-painted soda lime glass and gorgeous foiled filigree. So light a pillar, sit back and enjoy this exclusive show.
Want to show that you're a thoughtful romantic? Light a pillar candle inside our pedestal hurricane. Since it’s crafted of wrought iron, painted gold and exclusive to Pier 1, your efforts will likely get rave reviews. Glowing, even.
The hydrangea, which means “water vessel” in Greek, is known for its gorgeous blooms and love of water. But with our faux hydrangeas, there’s no watering required. Just set your favorite pillar in the clear glass hurricane surrounded by these beautiful green and white blossoms. Found only at Pier 1.
By combining faux greenery and white magnolia blooms, we’ve created a fresh, uplifting look. In the middle of it all?  A clear glass hurricane. Just add your favorite pillar, set it on your coffee table, in your powder room or on your console table and enjoy.
A candle in the wind is never a great idea, but a hurricane—that's another matter. This one is a Pier 1 exclusive, crafted with a textured glass shell and an antiqued copper-toned base. Just put your favorite pillar inside and voila! You’re glowing.
The luxurious sheen of capiz shell shimmers even more under the glow of candlelight. Exclusively ours, this pedestal hurricane vase will add luster to your living room, family room or even as a dining table centerpiece.
Sometimes, the hurricane—like this beauty—outshines the candle. With a globe-shaped design made from rust-resistant iron, it protects your candlelight while showcasing its glow through clear glass windows. Pretty cool, right? Plus, it’s artfully hand-painted, easy to open and close, and exclusive to Pier 1.
The hammered texture of our handblown glass hurricane creates an especially beautiful, watery refraction of candlelight. Stunning on its own, our hurricane can also be the start of a well-lit centerpiece.
Create your own perfect storm with this classic hurricane. The clear glass cylinder boasts a wide flared mouth and a cupped base that holds a pillar securely in place. Use alone or group together for a stunning centerpiece.
Arabic for “sublime” or “exalted,” our Alia hurricane is aptly named. With its ornate ironwork and amber jewels, this Pier 1 exclusive is certainly a sublime home for your favorite 3x4 pillar.
Crafted exclusively for Pier 1, our Antler Hurricane evokes the serenity of the forest. Candlelight instantly enhances each antler point, casting mesmerizing shadows and turning any room into an inviting retreat.
Our exclusive, handcrafted, foil-finish glass hurricane has been shaped using centuries-old techniques and colored to resemble a beautiful sunset—it’s sure to be an impressive display piece for your favorite 3x9 candle.
If you’re looking for a way to bring the beautiful outdoors in, look no further than our exclusive gold-tone Branch Hurricane. Standing 12 inches tall and showcasing a branch design, this wrought iron and soda lime glass hurricane will add a natural elegance to any setting.
A classic iron base topped by glass that's been shaped using centuries-old techniques—it's like a pedestal for your favorite candle. A very tall pedestal.
Light travels in waves, and the Cassidy Centerpiece will let the flickering light of five of your shimmering tealights flow into your home. Made of iron and glass, this handcrafted piece ripples with soothing illumination.
Take a look at what the tide brought in. Exclusive to Pier 1, this candleholder is made from driftwood and designed to hold three of your pillars at once. It’s perfect for a patio or to complete a coastal look.
Handcrafted from wrought iron and embellished with clear beads, this was made to be the center of attention. Set it in the middle of your patio table, run your umbrella through it, and you have yourself a look unique to Pier 1. Did we mention that it holds six tealights, too? Brilliant.
Handcrafted from wrought iron and embellished with jewel-color beads, this was made to be the center of attention. Set it in the middle of your patio table, put your umbrella through the center, and you have yourself a look unique to Pier 1. Did we mention that it holds six tealights, too? Brilliant.
While the use of scrollwork in ornamental design dates to the Bronze Age, it is most widely associated with the drama and opulence of Baroque architecture. And naturally, we think our handcrafted, scrolled centerpiece fits that bill. We start with a golden, powder-coated iron base for stability, then top it with lustrous amber glass to cast a vintage glow around three of your favorite pillars.
Light up your mantel, entryway or dining room with our exclusive springtime centerpiece. It features an intricately handcrafted wrought iron frame, clear glass hurricane, delicate butterflies and tealight holders.
Handcrafted for Pier 1, our iron centerpiece shows off ornamental scrollwork while shedding beautiful candlelight on your mantel, in your entryway or on a tablescape.
How about a little mood lighting? Mango wood, iron and amber glass come together in our handcrafted centerpiece. Five holders bring you five times the ambience.
Lighthouses may be in the spotlight when it comes to nautical illumination, but our exclusive tealight holder is an attention-getter, too. Crafted of wrought iron with a patina-like look, it adds maritime flair to your nighttime ambience. Anchors aweigh and aglow!
You’ll be drawn in by the modern beauty of our exclusive handcrafted centerpiece. Made of a weathered golden iron, this piece will be the focal point of any well-rounded dining room, home office or living room.
Light up your nights with our Renaissance-inspired candleholder. With its striking ironwork quatrefoil pattern this piece will add interest—and light—when paired with votive candles. It's a beautiful and substantial Pier 1 Exclusive.
Up the ante on your decorative style with our centerpiece handcrafted of resin and stone. Painted gold, you can use it to light five tapers and showcase your brilliance—since you realize antlers are not just for rustic environments. Imagine the possibilities of this accent set amid a scheme of white, beige, chrome or platinum. Wait, you already did that.
If you lean toward the exotic, our exclusive leaf pillar holder will bring some island mystique into your home. Featuring a gracefully arched metal leaf and scrolled wrought iron stems that sweep around to form the base and support the rippled glass candleholders, it's beautifully serene yet full of life.
From ancient Greek, Byzantine, Romanesque and Gothic culture, fanciful acanthus leaf detailing saw a major revival in the Renaissance and is now making an appearance as a Pier 1 exclusive. Our whitewashed mango wood and iron pillar centerpiece will bring a bit of history to any entryway or family room.
Give your home a little seaside flair with our handcrafted coastal-themed centerpiece. A weathered mango wood base is topped with three shiny aluminum sea dwellers and rippled glass holders that are perfect for showcasing your favorite candles. Exclusive to Pier 1.
Our Sundara centerpiece boasts a classic, scrolled wrought iron body and mango wood base and is topped by glass that's been shaped using centuries-old techniques. It's a decorative three-tiered pedestal for all your favorite candles.
Picture an empty dining room or entryway table, and imagine how this sculpted iron centerpiece would work in tandem to highlight the beauty of both. Set atop a polished mango wood base, the heavy, hand-forged circle and pillar-plate design is finished in gold lacquer. Add candles, light and you’re ready to entertain guests.
Filled with tealights, we know our centerpiece will really float your boat. Made of hand-painted iron, woven into a boat-shaped design, it’s ideal for both everyday use and special occasions alike. Let it voyage from your dining table to your entry table, and maybe even stop at a shelf or mantel along the way. No matter the space, it makes a lovely, nautical-inspired addition.
Whether you are hosting a garden party or have spring fever, our handcrafted centerpiece is bursting with the freshness of the season. Light-colored blooms fill the beautifully distressed wooden box, finished off with three glass hurricanes just begging to be lit up by pretty pillar candles.
Topped with your tealights  floating on a decorative metal stand, our faux hydrangeas take on an even more romantic air, bringing freshness to any space they occupy. Place them on your patio, or bring some style to an empty corner inside. The possibilities are endless with this candlelit basket of blooms.
An evening of outdoor entertaining becomes a more elegant affair with the addition of this sculpted wrought iron candle holder. Uniquely designed to fit around the umbrella pole atop the patio table, the flickering light through hammered glass makes hot dogs and burgers feel like gourmet fare.
Our “tree of lights” centerpiece was designed to bring harmony to your table. Sculpted of iron and painted by hand, the gilded tree sits atop a mango wood base and spreads its peaceful ambience by way of your eight tealights. Display it indoors or outside in a covered patio area, but definitely, put it in a place of prominence.
This pair of amber glass candleholders—handcrafted in India—rise to any occasion upon a scrolling pedestal of hand-forged iron. Place it on your table for an illuminating evening.
Lights, candles, action. You'll create quite a scene when you place this bejeweled tealight holder center stage on your outdoor table.
A votive holder made of tropical grasses? Now there's a trend that would spread like wildfire—literally. Instead, consider our Lidi 5-Votive Holder: A wrought iron basket fashioned to look like grass nestling five glass votive holders. Perfect as a centerpiece or fireplace accent.
Add a touch of romantic glamour to centerpieces with our Caressa tealight holder. Its striking stone base is carved with a fleur de lis motif and features an antiqued white finish. Inside, three glass hurricanes will shelter your tealights. A Pier 1 exclusive.
While the use of scrollwork in ornamental design dates to the Bronze Age, it is most widely associated with the drama and opulence of baroque architecture. And we think our handcrafted, scrolled pedestal hurricanes fit that bill. We start with a bronze-colored iron base for stability, then top it with colored glass to cast a beautiful glow.
Inspired by the alignment of the planets, our handcrafted orb tealight holder brings eye-catching symmetrical interest and light to the table. Elevated on a mango wood base, the openwork iron sphere encircles the candlelight for a truly dramatic centerpiece. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Carve out a sense of global style with our five-votive candleholder. It’s constructed of a weathered mango wood scrolled base with mercury glass shades. Use it to cast an exotic glow on the dining table, mantel or console table. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Meet Santa’s newest reindeer. It may not have a red nose, prance or dance, but it does bobble its head. Handcrafted and hand-painted with a ceramic belly that holds a tealight, it's sure to warm a few hearts.
Even though our Santa’s belly is ceramic and designed to hold a tealight, he still bobbles like a bowl full of jelly. Handcrafted and hand-painted, this jolly Santa is destined to melt a few hearts.
A Pier 1 exclusive, our floor lantern is a winter wonder. Glossy lanterns in traditional Christmas colors hang on a tree filled with hand-painted porcelain cardinals, lightly frosted pinecones and pine leaves that look too good to be made of iron. See? Wonder.
Rudolph isn’t the only one who can light up the yuletide. Handcrafted, hand-painted and designed to hold a tealight, our exclusive, jolly Santa helps make your season bright. Bobbling all the way. Ho ho ho.
Rudolph isn’t the only one who can light up the yuletide. Handcrafted, hand-painted and designed to hold a tealight, our exclusive, jolly Mrs. Claus helps make your season bright. Bobbling all the way.
Our pillar stand is gorgeous by itself or as part of a festive tablescape. Smart red cardinals contrast with wrought iron shaped to resemble pine branches. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Our tabletop lantern features a porcelain cardinal atop a wrought iron frame that’s decorated with holly and berries and is designed to resemble a tree branch. A lantern with a tealight holder hangs from the branch. Handcrafted and hand-painted, this Pier 1 exclusive will serve as a warm celebration of winter and the holiday season.
In so many ways, Christmas and lighting pair perfectly together. Take our exclusive deer tealight holder that's handcrafted of wrought iron, hand-painted and embellished with faux fur and a beaded snowflake. Rudolph, eat your heart out.
In so many ways, Christmas and lighting pair perfectly together. Take our exclusive deer pillar holder that's handcrafted of wrought iron, hand-painted and embellished with faux greenery, berries and a bow. Rudolph, eat your heart out.
In so many ways, Christmas and lighting pair perfectly together. Take our exclusive deer tealight holder. Handcrafted from wrought iron, hand-painted and embellished with faux greenery, berries and a bow. Rudolph, eat your heart out.
Meet Santa’s happy little helper. Hand-painted and handcrafted of wrought iron, he's graciously presenting a glass tealight holder.
Regardless of the weather outside, you can have a white Christmas inside. Our one-of-a-kind tealight holder is carved from mango wood, with rust-resistant iron and glass hurricanes to shelter your tealights. Finally, a white finish with a silvery shimmer gives this Pier 1 exclusive the look of snow-dusted tree.
When it’s time to decorate for your next candlelit Christmas soiree, let our reindeer do the heavy lifting. Crafted by hand of mango wood with rust-resistant iron limbs and antlers, this one-of-a-kind reindeer will proudly protect any 3x6 pillar. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Talk about putting something on a pedestal. Our handcrafted, one-of-a-kind pillar holder has a rust-resistant iron body and antiqued mango wood angel wings. A reverent way to show off any 3x6 pillar—and a Pier 1 exclusive.
When he's not making a list and checking it twice, Santa likes to send his sleigh to your dinner table with the best gift of all: A tealight centerpiece for a warm evening with family and friends. Santa knows what the real gifts of Christmas are.
Handcrafted and hand-painted, our ceramic Acorn Tealight Holder is a pretty way to light up your home. Gather several and add to a tablescape.
For anyone who loves fall, candles and pumpkins, our centerpiece is a real treat. In the spirit of traditional jack-o'-lanterns, our handcrafted glass pumpkins feature a lustrous amber finish and a hollow core. The golden, powder-coated iron holsters are removable, making it easy to insert your favorite tealights. And that’s no trick.
For anyone who loves fall, candles and pumpkins, our tealight holder is a real treat. In the spirit of traditional jack-o'-lanterns, our handcrafted glass pumpkin features a lustrous amber finish and a hollow core. The golden, powder-coated iron holster is removable, making it easy to insert your favorite tealight. And that’s no trick.
For anyone who loves fall, candles and pumpkins, our pillar holder is a real treat. In the spirit of traditional jack-o'-lanterns, our handcrafted glass pumpkin features a lustrous amber finish and a hollow core. The golden, powder-coated iron holster is removable, making it easy to insert your favorite candle. And that’s no trick.
A cluster of gourds always makes a lavish display. Now you can forgo the garden variety and opt to use our lantern tree, which will last for years to come. Crafted of iron, in a rope-like design, the tree and trio of pumpkins have a  black painted finish. Simply insert lit candles into the glass sleeves and use it to illuminate a darkened doorway or nook. It's like a moveable feast—for your eyes.
Keep your fall holiday display nice and neutral with our exclusive glazed porcelain pumpkin tower. This trio has everything stacked in its favor: It's been crafted by hand, accented with wrought iron and expertly carved to showcase the intriguing glow of a tealight.
Keep your fall decor nice and neutral with our exclusive glazed porcelain pumpkin. Crafted by hand and accented with wrought iron, it casts an intriguing glow by way of a flickering tealight.
Fanciful and delicate, our handcrafted candleholder’s tiny mirrored tiles and champagne hue provide a classic look—one that works in any season. So spice up your autumn decor.
This is no garden-variety centerpiece—it's a Pier 1 exclusive twist on a fall favorite. Handcrafted of iron, our exclusive rope-like pumpkin has a bronze-colored finish and beautifully frames five glass cups for 2x3 pillars or flameless candles. Set it atop a pretty placemat on an entryway or dining table, and you’ve got a wow-worthy decoration to use for years to come.
Handcrafted of vintage-look wrought iron, our pedestal-style hurricane is adorned with beautiful leaves. Add your favorite 3x4 pillar and enjoy the ambience created by candlelight.
Warning: Looking at our Bobblehead Turkey Tealight Holder elicits uncontrollable smiles. Handcrafted of iron wire and porcelain, this sweet character is hand-painted, so no two are exactly alike. With his tall pilgrim’s hat, he gives a nod to one of our favorite holidays.
Owls are famous for their ability to see well at night, so it makes sense that we used the nocturnal bird as inspiration for our clever tealight lantern. Handcrafted of wrought iron and embellished with gold crystal-like eyes, this Pier 1 exclusive is set to enlighten your patio or porch and take watch during the witching hour.
Our crackled glass votive holder is a real gem. Paired with a lit candle, the amber rim and leaf motif cast the kind of warm, cozy glow you’re sure to fall for. We like it as a simple adornment in a windowsill, but it will sparkle on a shelf, atop a mantel or on a bath or kitchen counter, too.
Light up our little pumpkin tree with tealights and brighten your seasonal decor with the soft glow of candlelight. The handcrafted design and colorful style make a charming addition to your fall tablescapes.
Make this fall sparkle with our golden mosaic tealight holder. Tiny pieces of glass turn your favorite seasonal squash into a shimmering showpiece perfect for shelves, end tables or anywhere that needs a touch of fall glamour.
Glittery hydrangeas surround our glass hurricane, providing a beautiful floral frame for your favorite pillar. It's the perfect addition to your seasonal decor.
Surrounded by sweet faux white berries and leaves, our hurricane brings a sophisticated style to your seasonal decor. Use one as the centerpiece on your dining table, or line up several for an even more dramatic effect that’s only amplified by the addition of candlelight.
Our cast iron tealight holder brings both warmth and style to your seasonal decor. Fill it with candlelight and brighten your space with the inviting feeling of fall. The goldtone adds a splash of glam to finish off this piece with sophisticated style.
Our wrought iron tealight holder starts with the wise, warm style of our feathered friend, the owl, and adds candlelight to bring the spirit of the forest to your interior decor. Friendly, inviting and a little bit fun, it's the perfect new occupant for your empty shelf or table space.
Bring the festivities inside or take the party outside when you light it up with our handcrafted, hand-painted lantern. It’s fitted with a rust-resistant iron top so it stands or hangs with equal grace. Just add your favorite 4x6 pillar and enjoy the celebration.
As if part of a plant itself, the wrought iron leaves of our hurricane glow in the candlelight and bring sophistication to your seasonal decor. Finished in an eye-catching gold tone, it’s the perfect symbol of the fall harvest.
Warning: Looking at our standing Bobblehead Turkey Tealight Holder elicits uncontrollable smiles. Handcrafted of wrought iron and porcelain, this sweet character is hand-painted, so no two are exactly alike. With his tall pilgrim’s hat, he gives a nod to one of our favorite holidays.
Harvested, perhaps, from a magical patch, our three molded glass pumpkins have a warm glow once your tealights are nestled safely inside.
Shiny, bronze-toned pumpkins mix with fall leaves and rustic pinecones to create a charming candleholder centerpiece. Put it on your mantel or display it on your dining table, but rest assured, it  will bring the feeling of fall wherever it goes.
Candlelight is framed by an adorable fox friend in charming tealight holder. An ideal addition to your fall decor, but perfectly adorable for any time of year, it instantly brings sweetness to your space.
Dainty stalks of wheat, crafted of iron, surround our glass hurricane to provide the perfect frame for the warm tones of candlelight. Use it as inspiration for a sophisticated, farm-inspired look that adds unmatched charm to your harvest decor.
Light up your fall decor with our lantern, which sits surrounded by beautiful magnolia leaves and rustic pinecones made fresh by a few dabs of shiny paint. The only thing missing is the soft glow of candlelight flickering from inside.
Sunflowers signal the end of summer and the start of fall, so what better way to welcome the season than with our glittery centerpiece. With lots of leaves, pinecones and berries and space to add candlelight, it’s just what you need to usher in the crisp, coolness of fall.
This is no garden-variety centerpiece—it's a Pier 1 exclusive twist on a fall favorite. Handcrafted of iron, our exclusive rope-like pumpkin has a golden finish and beautifully frames five glass cups for 2x3 pillars or flameless candles. Set it atop a pretty placemat on an entryway or dining table, and you’ve got a wow-worthy decoration to use for years to come.
Absolutely elegant, our black jeweled candelabra adds a dark yet sophisticated style that’s perfect for your seasonal decor and beyond. All it needs is the flicker of candlelight to instantly enhance any atmosphere.
Create a spooky, swirly tablescape with our wrought iron centerpiece decorated with fun bats and interesting shapes. Add pumpkins and pinecones and everything autumn-themed for a Halloween look you’ll be absolutely batty for.
Spiders, bats and creepy candlelight—that’s what Halloween is made of, and our hanging lanterns feature all the elements needed to create a super-spooky style. From the bugs down to the crawly footed stand, it’s the perfect picture of seasonal decor.
Bring a sense of dark elegance to your space with our jeweled candelabra that’s perfect for your seasonal decor and beyond. It adds the soft flicker of candlelight to your tabletop and instantly enhances your next dinner party.
With a powder-coated black steel frame dressed in multicolor beads and orange glass, our candelabra is a festive, smile-inducing decorative accessory. Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1, it’s ready to help set the mood at your next soiree. To expand on the theme, use five different colors of tapers.
With his colorful Day of the Dead skull face and bead-trimmed sombrero, our skeleton tealight holder won’t be the life of the party, but he will definitely add to the light of the party.
While our dapperly dressed skeleton tealight holder won’t be the life of the party, he will definitely add to the light of the party.
While our flirty flamenco dancer tealight holder won’t be the life of the party, she will definitely add to the light of the party.
Pull off a neat trick with our handcrafted, hand-painted tealight holder. If your goal is a bewitching Halloween, this shimmering witch's hat definitely enchants.
Made exclusively for Pier 1, our handcrafted, wrought iron candelabra can light up your entryway, mantel or tablescape. Three colorful glass cups, each with a Day of the Dead mask, hold votive candles or tealights.
Made exclusively for Pier 1, our handcrafted, wrought iron pedestal hurricane is adorned with bats making their holiday flight. Add your favorite pillar and bring eerie candlelight to your entryway, mantel or tablescape.
Add an itsy-bitsy touch of cute to your Halloween with our glittery arachnid tealight holder. In fact, why not buy a few? It won’t cost you an arm—or eight legs.
Celebrate the Day of the Dead in customary, colorful fashion with our bright votive holders. Featuring a flowery, skull design and lots of bright tones, they glow with fun, spooky, seasonal style.
Our antique-look, weathered-finish lantern adds instant interest to any environment. A lovely oxidized/rust effect lends further character to the handcrafted iron and glass construction while the classic lines speak to the historic styles originally found in cabins of the New World. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Our many-sided lantern delights in so many ways. Handcrafted and featuring diamond-shaped windows, a hand-painted pine frame and rust-resistant iron hardware, this Pier 1 exclusive will add a romantic glow to your room or patio. Just add your favorite 3x4 candle and enjoy.
Our many-sided lantern delights in so many ways. Handcrafted and featuring diamond-shaped windows, a hand-painted pine frame and rust-resistant iron hardware, this Pier 1 exclusive will add a romantic glow to your room or patio. Just add your favorite 3x8 candle and enjoy.
Inside or out. Day or night. Wherever it’s featured and whenever it’s catching eyes, our exclusive lantern is sure to make a glam statement. It's handcrafted of rust-resistant iron, fitted with glass panels, hand-painted, antiqued and absolutely brilliant—with or without a candle inside.
Our antique-look, weathered-finish lantern adds instant interest to any environment. A lovely oxidized/rust effect lends further character to the handcrafted iron and glass construction while the classic lines speak to the historic styles originally found in cabins of the New World. A Pier 1 exclusive.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
The hand-painted Harlan Lanterns—exclusively ours—have been carefully crafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio, although you will want to bring them inside during inclement weather to protect their tall glass panels.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
Think of it as a summer home for your candles. A big, romantic summer home. Our rust-resistant lantern contains three tealight holders that can be removed to accommodate a pillar.  Color: White Size: 8.25"W x 7.25"D x 19.5"H Pine, iron and glass For indoor or outdoor use Exclusively Pier 1 Imports 
It’s a lucky candle that gets to live in this classic lantern, featuring a unique domed top, double hinged door, delicate filigree accents and rust-resistant metal that’s been painted by hand and whitewashed for a clean, bright finish. Now we kind of wish we could live in this lantern.
With the mystical allure of a medieval censer, but set with brilliantly colored gems, our hanging lantern brings a new experience of ambient lighting over a table, in a corner or above a doorway. Handcrafted to reflect beautifully on its surroundings in daylight and project old-world hues when lit with a 3x6 pillar at night.
This mini indoor/outdoor lantern is just the right size for a tealight. Covered in detailed ironwork, it could be part of the centerpiece at your next get-together. Or scatter several around the garden for a magical glow.
No doubt Diogenes went on his legendary search for truth holding a lantern like this. Actually, ours probably flashes a bit more bling if you really want to know the truth. Rust-resistant and ready to add a glow to your patio.
The weather-worn appeal of our wooden lantern is timeless. This Pier 1 exclusive is handcrafted from fir and given a matte gray finish that relays a genteel charm. Add a candle and enjoy the glow outdoors or inside.
You're about to make a tealight very happy. While Landen’s classic style may be handcrafted of rust-resistant iron, it still brings a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Oh, if candles could only smile.
Set with brilliant colored gems arranged in a fun floral pattern, this handcrafted lantern promises to make a spectacle of itself—in the best possible way. It creates an enchanting ambience with or without a candle.
Our jewel-encrusted, cast iron lantern evokes a Moroccan bazaar—with a hint of a handcrafted stained glass window thrown in for good measure.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted, rust-resistant and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
Traditional meets modern: A trio of iron and glass lanterns perch on a wooden frame to create a contemporary-style light fixture. Light one, two or all three—depending on your mood and the occasion. The frame is hinged so it folds to a more compact size if you want. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Gather three of your favorite tealights—real or LED—for maximum visual impact in a compact space. Our ingenious lantern gives them a home sweet home of their own to hang out for a dazzling effect. Exclusively Pier 1.
Our versatile pearl white candle lantern will add a romantic touch to any room, make the perfect centerpiece or special holiday decoration. Featuring a unique domed top, scored handle for hanging, double-hinged door, delicate filigree accents and rust-resistant metal finish, this Pier 1 exclusive is really good at multitasking.
Borrowing design details from one of our most popular furniture collections, the Hayworth Lantern is all about glitz, glam and glow. With platinum painted metal housing, mirror insets and clear glass walls, this tall lantern is ready for a white haute pillar and its close-up. Suited for indoor and covered patio panache.
Sometimes a little light is just right. That's when our Landen mini lantern really shines. Hand-painted and rust-resistant, it's sized for a tealight and will add a pretty glow to your patio, family room or bedroom. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted, rust-resistant and topped by a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Oh, if candles could only smile. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Some houses leave a lantern in the window for you. Our house is a lantern in the window. Also doubles as a beacon in the night and a candle in the wind. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Part sconce and part lantern, our wireless fixture is perhaps the prettiest way to cast a warm glow across a room, porch or patio. Crafted by hand with bejeweled crystal accents, it comes in multiple shades and adds ornamental detail when hung next to an entryway or on a pillar. A Pier 1 exclusive.
The name Bennett comes from the Latin Benedictus, or “blessed.” A fitting choice, we think, for our exclusive iron lantern. It's painted by hand and finished with a powder coating for rust-resistance, which makes it a timeless way to light up an evening. Just place your favorite 3x4 pillar inside, and you’re good to go.
Our hand-painted, coach light design is suspended on a vine-themed stand with a watchful avian perched on top to create a natural and durable accent both indoors and out. Crafted exclusively for Pier 1 Imports.
Remember catching fireflies and putting them in a jar? We've improved on that. With tealights aglow, our 8-bottle chandelier hangs from an iron frame and recreates the magic you remember. Exclusive to Pier 1.
Regal and resplendent, here’s the iconic angel for your home in any season. Sculpted from a polished metal, our lovely messenger will light your room—or your covered patio—thanks to its perfectly crafted, coach-style lantern. Exclusively Pier 1.
You’re never far from the sea when your decor is accented by our cage-style lantern with its rustic rope handle. A 3x4 pillar or LED will make the light dance through its rippled cylinder glass.
Hand-painted and rust-resistant, our simple little lantern is a must-have for any indoor or outdoor space. Fill it with a pillar candle to bring some light to your favorite shelf or tabletop, or hang a few on the patio and watch the mood take an instantly warmer turn.
Lantern meets sconce in this Pier 1 exclusive. It’s hand-painted and classically handsome with clean lines and charming details—rust-resistant iron, a cute cupola and a slightly weathered look. Simply open the door and add a candle for instant ambience, indoors or out.
A distinctive bell top and a short, hexagonal shape are what set our lantern apart from the rest. Pretty enough to be the center of attention at parties and luminous enough to light the way down a dark path, it won’t leave you hanging.
Eight colorful Mason jars are suspended from metal chains for a rustic look that will charm your outdoor hangout. Think front porch, backyard or pool area.
Brighten your dark patio or add mood to your family room with our hand-painted lantern with a bell top. Made of rust-resistant iron, it rests on a table or hangs easily. Add your favorite 3x4 candle and enjoy the evening.
Lantern meets sconce in this Pier 1 exclusive. It’s hand-painted and classically handsome with clean lines and charming details—rust-resistant iron, a cute cupola and a slightly weathered look. Simply open the door and add a candle for instant ambience, indoors or out.
Carry the party onto the patio with our exclusive iron and glass lantern. Pair with a flameless LED candle to add worry-free ambience to your festivities. Plus, it’s rust-resistant with an all-weather powder coating for all the parties still to come.
Sometimes a little light is just right. That's when our Landen mini lantern really shines. Hand-painted and made of rust-resistant iron, it's sized for a tealight and will add a pretty glow to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
Sometimes a little light is just right. That's when our Landen mini lantern really shines. Hand-painted and rust-resistant, it's sized for a tealight and will add a pretty glow to your patio, family room or bedroom. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted, rust-resistant and topped by a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Oh, if candles could only smile. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Sometimes a little light is just right. That's when our Landen mini lantern really shines. Hand-painted and made of rust-resistant iron, it's sized for a tealight and will add a pretty glow to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted, rust-resistant and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
Our hand-painted Harlen Lantern has been carefully handcrafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
No doubt Diogenes went on his legendary search for truth holding a lantern like this. Actually, our hand-painted, silver-tone version probably flashes a bit more bling and is considerably larger. But the truth is, our handcrafted, rust-resistant version will add a beautiful glow to your patio or family room.
With just the right amount of embellishment, our hand-painted lantern radiates elegance. Place it on your patio tabletop or let it live on one of your living room shelves. Its subtly sophisticated style enhances any space.
Make a simple candle shine brighter with the lovely floral design of our iron lantern. Intricate details and sparkly acrylic gems catch the light and create mesmerizing shadows, turning your favorite space into a tranquil getaway.
We put our lanterns on a pedestal, and our hand-painted, silver-toned lantern is no exception. We’ve taken the traditional hanging lantern and added a stand to create a unique piece, ideal for indoors and out.
With its hand-painted, rust-resistant finish, hexagonal shape and acrylic gems on each side, our lantern shines beautifully indoors and out. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Our hand-painted Harlen Lantern has been carefully handcrafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Talk about a romantic, candlelit evening. Our scrolled lantern is the epitome of elegance, with a powder-coated iron frame, a hand-painted white finish and gem-encrusted flower detailing. Simply place a 3x4 pillar inside and you’re good to go—indoors and out. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Here’s a brilliant idea. Our ornate hanging lantern features an antiqued white steel frame adorned with shimmering acrylic gems and a hand-woven filigree panel that refracts the light from your favorite 3x4 pillar. Hang it in a corner or on a covered porch for instant romance.
With its hand-painted, rust-resistant finish, hexagonal shape and acrylic gems on each side, our lantern shines beautifully indoors and out. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Our hand-painted Harlen Lantern has been carefully handcrafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
With its hand-painted, rust-resistant finish, hexagonal shape and acrylic gems on each side, our lantern shines beautifully indoors and out. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Accented with faux gems, our lantern is sized perfectly for a poolside tabletop or lampstand, creating an aura of mystery wherever it shines. Hand-painted and powder-coated for a durable, vintage look, each is one of a kind, and exclusively Pier 1.
Our hand-painted Harlen Lantern has been carefully handcrafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Evoking the splendor of chandeliers found in ocean-going vessels of the past century, our hanging lantern features a supernova of acrylic gems arrayed on a hand-braided metal orb. It's perfect for indoor and covered outdoor settings in need of true star quality.
Named for the Hebrew phrase meaning “public square of the town,” our Rehoboth Lantern makes quite a centerpiece. Handcrafted of pine with an antique white finish, it's topped with a rust-resistant iron roof and natural rope handle. Simply place your favorite pillar inside, and you’re ready to light up the night.
Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1 Imports, our glass mosaic lantern uses its barrel-shaped silhouette to show off stunning hand-fit glass tiles in an argyle pattern. Lit from within by your 3x6 candle, this is how you roll out the style.
As personal mood lighting or a gentle reminder of simpler times, lanterns bring enduring charm to your home. And this Pier 1 exclusive is no different. Its rust-resistant iron frame is painted by hand in a distressed coral hue and fitted with sleek glass windows. Fill it with your favorite 3x4 pillar and let the magic begin.
As personal mood lighting or a gentle reminder of simpler times, lanterns bring enduring charm to your home. And this Pier 1 exclusive is no different. Its rust-resistant iron frame is painted by hand in a distressed coral hue and fitted with sleek glass windows. Fill it with your favorite 3x8 pillar and let the magic begin.
Beautifully handcrafted in a hexagonal silhouette, our Silver-Tone Lantern is hand-painted and rust-resistant for indoor and outdoor use. Exquisitely detailed and exclusively Pier 1, this just might be the beacon of style you’ve been looking for.
With its hand-painted, rust-resistant finish, hexagonal shape and acrylic gems on each side, our lantern shines beautifully indoors and out. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Named for the Hebrew phrase meaning “public square of the town,” our Rehoboth Lantern makes quite a centerpiece. Handcrafted of pine with an antique white finish, it's topped with a rust-resistant iron roof and natural rope handle. Simply place your favorite pillar inside, and you’re ready to light up the night.
Make a simple candle shine brighter with the lovely floral design of our iron lantern. Intricate details and sparkly acrylic gems catch the light and create mesmerizing shadows, turning your favorite space into a tranquil getaway.
With just the right amount of embellished details, our hand-painted lantern radiates elegance. Place it on your patio tabletop or let it live on one of your living room shelves, the subtly sophisticated style enhances any space.
Our hand-painted Harlen Lantern has been carefully crafted of wood and topped with rust-resistant iron. The classic shape looks handsome indoors or on a patio. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Colorful acrylic gems decorate our lovely steel lantern. Add a candle to cast mesmerizing, multicolor shadows, or simply set it on a shelf and cast a warm and inviting glow over your stylish decor.
Named for the Hebrew phrase meaning “public square of the town,” our Rehoboth Lantern makes quite a centerpiece. Handcrafted of pine with an antique white finish, it's topped with a rust-resistant iron roof and natural rope handle. Simply place your favorite pillar inside, and you’re ready to light up the night.
Light up an exciting night or create a calm retreat with our hand-woven steel lantern. Hanging from above or displayed on a shelf, the small acrylic gems make everything instantly glisten and glow.
With its hand-painted, rust-resistant finish, hexagonal shape and acrylic gems on each side, our lantern shines beautifully both indoors and out. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
There’s nothing more cheery than our bright, yellow lantern. Sweet scrolled heart designs and little flower accents add to its sunny style, and the rust-resistant construction gives it the versatility to live anywhere from the garden to the mantel.
Simply add a candle to our wrought iron hanging pillar holder to drape your decor in starlit style. The simple, yet dynamic, star shape makes your favorite candles stand out and instantly adds intriguing ambience to your favorite spaces.
Our hanging lantern brings a new experience of ambient lighting over a table, in a corner or above a doorway. Handcrafted to project an age-old atmosphere when lit with a 3x8 candle, it also reflects beautifully on its surroundings in daylight.
Our stunning, Silver-Tone Lantern does more than just light the way. It goes above and beyond, providing your space with intricate details, floral accents and a shiny hand-painted finish, only made better when you add the soft glow of candlelight.
Add a little boho style to your bedroom or living room with our iron hanging lantern. A dynamic shape created from strings of wire adds dimension and character that effortlessly mesh with your casual style.
Break away from the traditional with our Bohemian Hanging Lantern, featuring wire wrapped around an eye-catching frame. It instantly adds unique dimension to your space, whether you add a candle or not.
Our little lantern makes a big impression. Floral details and pretty acrylic gems, in intricate designs, enhance the candlelight experience. Hang one, two or even 10 in your favorite space to create serene styling.
Featuring the look of a lantern with the functionality of a sconce, our hand-painted, handcrafted Lantern Sconce is a flawless blend of candlelit perfection. Making it simple to light up any pathway with the romantic glow of candlelight, it will be a favorite decorative addition to any space.
The name Bennett comes from the Latin Benedictus, or “blessed.” A fitting choice, we think, for our exclusive iron lantern. It's painted by hand and finished with a powder coating for rust-resistance, which makes it a timeless way to light up an evening. Just place your favorite 3x4 pillar inside, and you’re good to go.
Our Sahara Lantern has a flair for the dramatic. Even though it’s handcrafted of rust-resistant iron, its open-style dome, clear glass panels and pierced metalwork offer an airy feel. Hand-painted, it's destined to be a star inside or outside your home.
You're about to make some candle very happy. Hand-painted and topped with a ball finial, our Landen Lantern will bring a light and airy feel to your patio, family room or bedroom. Another shining quality: It's found exclusively at Pier 1.
Set with brilliant blue and green gems arranged in a fun floral pattern, this tabletop lantern will make a spectacle of itself—in the best possible way. Add a votive and watch it spread an enchanting ambience, or leave well enough alone because it’s designed to make the most of any available light. Crafted by hand, Caravan is a Pier 1 exclusive.
Rustic meets chic. This versatile, hand-painted lantern with a crystal-embellished door gets better-looking with age. And it feels equally at home hanging in a backyard or on a balcony. You can even bring it indoors to light up a cozy reading nook.
No doubt Diogenes went on his legendary search for truth holding a lantern like this. Actually, this antique white version probably flashes a bit more bling and is considerably larger, if you really want to know the truth. Rust-resistant and ready to add a glow to your patio.
The glow of candlelight without the fuss. Battery-operated LED tealights are unscented, last all night and flicker just like real candles. The rest of the romance is up to you.
Here are the coolest melted-mouth shaped candles everyone wants. Our two flameless LED candles come with a remote control and built-in timers for the ultimate entertaining convenience.
Looking for a quick and easy way to set hearts on fire? Forgo traditional candles in favor of our LED votives. They come four to a set, turn off and on with the flip of an included remote, and provide a safe and long-lasting alternative to their chubby wax cousins.
The flickering glow of candlelight without the worry. Our battery-powered LED designs are hand-molded with a wax finish, so they look and feel like traditional candles but go places candles can't, like offices and dorms. On/off switch and timer located on bottom.
Our elegant Ivory LED Tapers bring an unscented, worry-free glow to your table and centerpieces. Which is neat.
Remote-controlled candlelight? Why didn't anyone think of this before? Our handy remote is designed to work with our Indoor/Outdoor Flameless LED Pillars as well as our Glimmer Strings® (available separately), so you can turn lights on or off, adjust their glow and set the automatic timer—instantly. Without having to move any lanterns or holders. Without leaving your chair. Now, this is what we call progress.
Are LED candles the best invention since fire? Perhaps. And LED tealights are, perhaps, the most genius of all. They're easy to add to decorative displays and a worry-free way to enjoy your favorite tealight holders.
Our LED has everything but the beach. A nifty rope wraps its way around the glass jar, creating a net-like structure all the way to the top, then it forms a handy handle above. Natural seashells fill the inside, leaving just enough room for flameless candlelight to glow. Throw in the sounds of waves crashing and you’ll swear you’re seaside.
Is it a symbol of good luck or loose change from Poseidon’s sunken treasure? Whatever your take, most agree that a sand dollar is a worthy collectible. Here, we’ve made it the focal point on this LED candle adorned with mosaic glass. It’s flameless, battery-operated and features a timer—so safe and effortless ambience is assured. (Battery not included.)
Our birch-inspired LED taper candles give you the romance of a slowly melting candle—without a flame to blow out or a mess to clean up.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own isle-inspired blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia—and just a splash peach—all in a fragrant candle to fit your favorite candleholder and pillar stand.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Ghost Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Purple Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Orange Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Bat Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
Our black LED tapers, embellished with glitter, bring an unscented, worry-free glow to your table and centerpieces.
Why not poke fun at the fact that getting married can be scary? Our taper candle couple can take the heat—they look like a happy skeleton bride and groom awaiting their ceremony.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Skull Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Cat Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
Made exclusively for Pier 1, our loving—and lovely—Day of the Dead couple are ready to light up your Halloween festivities. Each hand-painted, flameless LED has a timer so you can control when it starts and stops every day.
Our exclusive black LED candles, sold in a set of three, have silver-tone glitter “drippings.” They’ll brighten up your favorite lanterns or stand alone, in groups or amid a centerpiece or tablescape. Each has a timer so you can control when it starts and stops every day.
Are LED candles the best thing since fire? Perhaps. And LED tealights are, perhaps, the most ingenious of all. They're easy to add to decorative displays and a worry-free way to enjoy your favorite tealight holders.
Our Halloween-ready candle, adorned with silver spiders, will brighten your table, mantel or tablescape with appropriate scary-night light.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our electric Glimmer Strings® use tiny purple LEDs on a curtain of shapable, thread-sized silver filament strings to create a firefly-like effect indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend—all in a range of sizes to fit your favorite candleholders.
Inspired by romantic, moonlit evenings, this timeless scent is a classic mix of fresh floral and berry blossoms. An exotic base of woody amber and sweet musk highlights this enticing blend—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a filled candle in a decorative jar.
Experience a scent reminiscent of picking a ripe peach right off the branch. Sweet peach, fresh ginger and a hint of black tea come together for a full-flavored blend that envelops you like a warm summer day—all in a range of sizes to fit your favorite candleholders.
The sound of the ocean whispers from inside a conch shell. The scent of the ocean arises from a blend of jonquil, marigold, crisp greens and precious woods. Some secrets from the sea are beyond explanation.
Escape to Coconut Isles and dip your toes in the sand. This fresh scent blends creamy coconut milk, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with just a splash of sweet orange. So refreshing.
Fragrance, just as nature intended. A lingering scent of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant cilantro, basil and rosemary. The perfect mingling of tangy and lively.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream—all in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach—all in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
Planning a trip to Paris? Or would you like to be? Our pillar won’t light the way to Europe, but it will encourage frequent daydreaming.
Adorned with a geometric fleur de lis pattern, our pillar will add international flare to your favorite candleholder.
Golden circles layered on more circles and finished with a nice dose of glitter give our pillar shine even before it’s lit.
Delicate embellishments in the shape of peacock feathers create a wispy prettiness on our teal pillar.
The peacock motif remains popular in decorating, and our pillar wears the trend with sophistication and grace.
Mother-of-pearl mosaic tiles add color, glimmer and distinction to our pillar. Imagine the romantic shimmer it will emit.
50 tealights with over 50 uses. You'll find yourself dipping into this bag of unscented tealight candles time and again to fill candleholders, luminaries, lanterns and more.
Suddenly the ordinary evening at home became somewhat extraordinary when the domestic goddess in her demanded all 30 tealights in the box be lit at once.
Looking for a quick and easy way to create outdoor ambience? Forgo traditional candles in favor of our LED votives. They come four to a set, turn off and on with the flip of an included remote, and provide a safe, flickering and timed alternative to their wax candle counterparts.
Create outdoor ambience with this pair of flameless, weather-resistant LEDs, which turn off and on with a touch of the included remote. These sleek, melted-mouth pillars provide a safe, flickering and timed alternative to traditional candles.
Keep mosquitoes away in style with our citronella candle. The attractive yellow candle comes in a traditional Mason jar—so pretty, so practical. Found exclusively at Pier 1.
Keep mosquitoes away in style with our citronella candle. The attractive red candle comes in a traditional Mason jar—so pretty, so practical. Found exclusively at Pier 1.
Keep mosquitoes away in style with our citronella candle. The attractive ivory candle comes in a traditional Mason jar—so pretty, so practical. Found exclusively at Pier 1.
When dining alfresco, a citronella-scented candle is a must-have. Our hand-molded, layered pillar is perfect for the patio, where it will softly fill the air with a clean, gentle fragrance.
When dining alfresco, a citronella-scented candle is a must-have. Our hand-molded pillar is perfect for the patio, where it will softly fill the air with a clean, gentle fragrance.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own blend of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances.
Our own exclusive mix of jasmine, gardenia, melon and white lilac fragrances—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
Experience a scent reminiscent of picking a ripe peach right off the branch. Sweet peach, fresh ginger and a hint of black tea come together for a full-flavored blend that envelops you like a warm summer day—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Infuse your home with a tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods.
Infuse your home with a fresh blend of creamy coconut milk, vanilla, warm vetiver and sweet orange.
Infuse your home with a lively mix of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant basil, cilantro and rosemary.
Infuse your room with a tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods.
A tranquil mix of jonquil, fresh marine ozone and just a hint of precious woods—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
Escape to Coconut Isles and dip your toes in the sand. This fresh scent blends creamy coconut milk, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with just a splash of sweet orange—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
Escape to Coconut Isles and dip your toes in the sand. This fresh scent blends creamy coconut milk, vanilla and warm vetiver, infused with just a splash of sweet orange—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Infuse your room with a lively mix of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant basil, cilantro and rosemary.
Infuse your room with a full-flavored blend of sweet peach, ginger and just a hint of black tea—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A lively mix of lemon, lime and grapefruit mixed with fragrant basil, cilantro and rosemary—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
Experience a scent reminiscent of picking a ripe peach right off the branch. Sweet peach, fresh ginger and a hint of black tea come together for a full-flavored blend that envelops you like a warm summer day—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a vintage-style jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a vintage-style jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
A perfectly balanced blend of Anjou pear and fresh fruits in a base of warm honey and spices—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A tropical blend of pineapple, star fruit, golden lychee and florals, with a hint of sweet basil and green palm—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Glacier water blended with mint and grapefruit, with notes of clary sage and blue lavender—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
An exuberant sunflower-inspired fragrance with hints of sunny amber and plum—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A melange of nectarine, honey melon and lime blossom, subtly accented with Tahitian musk, white flowers and ylang-ylang—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Enjoy a coastal breeze even when you’re far inland with our own isle-inspired blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia—and just a splash peach—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
The breathtaking scent of a handpicked bouquet of lavender, geranium and chamomile blossoms—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A succulent blend of sweet amber, sandalwood and just a hint of musk mingle poetically with exotic florals—jasmine, tuberose and zinnia—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Cinnamon and nutmeg, sweetened by crystallized sugar and blended with a dash of vanilla and caramel—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Earthy patchouli leaves and French vanilla, balanced by almond-like tonka and just a hint of musk—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A fusion of clove and grassy vetiver spiced with hints of patchouli, coriander and sweet musk—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Earthy amber, sandalwood and vetiver, interwoven with musk, frankincense and delicate neroli—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
The delectable scent of authentic vanilla bean blended with warm woods and amber—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Stroll along a hillside grove of Italian cypress trees and take in their rejuvenating scent, brightened by cool citrus and mint. Welcome to la dolce vita.
Bring home the warm ambience of a Tuscan kitchen with this soft, woody scent, sweetened with cherry blossoms and warmed with spices.
Home is actually where the hearth is, which is why this fragrance, with its subtle scents of smoky amber, spiced ginger and hints of zesty orange, evokes an atmosphere of cozy gatherings with family and friends.
The fresh, clean scent of ripened casaba melon and agave offers a luscious indulgence in this fragrance, evoking a high desert resort where the days are bright and the nights are sweet.
Rejuvenate your senses in rare style with this heady blend of fresh citron, blue lavender and oakmoss, layered atop a rich mix of Tahitian gardenia, ebony driftwood and sandalwood. Who couldn’t use a spa day about now?
A coastal blend of palm leaf, marine air and sun-ripened melon mingled with dune lily, fragrant jasmine and sea moss—all in a filled candle in a decorative jar.
The lush fragrance of ripened fruit scents the air around your private retreat. From the minute you arrive, you are greeted by the warm, exotic aroma of flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya. The perfect escape.
Like warm memories of a cozy afternoon baking and sharing, rich vanilla mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream is a sweet reminder of life’s simplest treats.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A warm and exotic scent with flowering quince, pineapple, mango and fresh papaya—all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
A breezy blend of tropical jasmine, white lilac and gardenia, with just a splash of peach——all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
A comforting, rich vanilla scent mixed with coconut, ginger and caramelized buttercream——all in a vintage-style glass jar that makes a pretty, feminine complement.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10' battery-powered Jewel Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Weave them through wreaths and centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Butterfly Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Pearl Strand Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place these pearl-look lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Shell Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place these shell-shaped lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Flip Flop Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place these flip flop-shaped lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Sunflower Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our electric Glimmer Strings® use tiny white LEDs on a curtain of shapable, thread-sized silver filament strings to create a firefly-like effect indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our battery-powered Starfish Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Weave them through wreaths and centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered White Star Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Weave them through wreaths and centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10' battery-powered Jewel Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Weave them through wreaths and centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
An exotic blend of fresh floral and berries blossoms atop a sumptuous woody base—all in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
Stroll through a wondrous forest filled with birch, cedar and sandalwood. This woody fragrance combines beautifully with hushed tones of warm vetiver, amber and musk.
An exotic blend of fresh floral and berries blossoms atop a sumptuous woody base—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in fragrant tealights to fit your favorite holders.
Enjoy the aroma of crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in tealights to fit your favorite holders.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in tealights to fit your favorite holders.
The aroma of crushed vanilla beans blended with cinnamon-spiced pumpkin puree and pure nutmeg, sweetened by brown sugar and warm clove—all in a filled candle sitting beautifully in a soda lime glass bowl atop a handcrafted wrought iron stand.
Everything looks better by candlelight—including your lovely guests and your exquisite dinner. Our exclusive, hand-molded tapers are just what the lighting director ordered. Happily, they’ll last from the first toast through dessert and beyond after-dinner conversation.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all packaged in a pretty jar and ready to take home.
Enjoy the warm aroma of pumpkin spiced with ginger, clove leaf, cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander—all in a gift-boxed candle that is ready to glow.
Chrysanthemum, peppered poppy and cardamom, brightened by wild bergamot and ambered musk—all in a vintage-style glass jar that will make a beautiful addition to your fall arrangements.
This fresh yet nostalgic scent is warmly reminiscent of apple picking and hayrides through an orchard. A crisp combination of ripe heirloom apples, neroli and sweet vanilla musk—all in a decorative jar that's pretty enough to give or enjoy for yourself.
Infuse your room with a crisp combination of ripe apples, neroli and sweet vanilla musk.
This fresh yet nostalgic scent is warmly reminiscent of apple picking and hayrides through an orchard. A crisp combination of ripe heirloom apples, neroli and sweet vanilla musk.
This is just what you need:. A homespun, burlap-wrapped candle printed with the sentiments of the season. Did we mention it's an LED? That means you don't have to worry about dripping wax or having to buy a new candle next year. A Pier 1 exclusive.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Squirrel Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
Our gorgeous Golden Scroll LED candle will add a warm atmosphere to your settings without the worry of dripping wax. With an intricate golden filigree pumpkin-and-vine pattern, it will stand the test of time. No worries, you're golden.
Our sweet sugared-effect pumpkins shine from within thanks to long-lasting LEDs inside. Yes, our wax trio is lit by the flick of a switch instead of a match. Use them to add atmosphere to table settings or autumn arrangements around the house.
Our gorgeous Golden Scroll LED candles will add a warm atmosphere to your settings without the worry of dripping wax. With an intricate golden filigree pumpkin-and-vine pattern, they will stand the test of time. No worries, you're golden.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Leaves Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Pumpkin Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Acorn Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch.
What holiday magic is this? With a sense of humor and a bit of ingenuity, we’ve managed to transform two taper candles into this pair of handsome nutcrackers. Aren’t they just adorable? Your guests are sure to agree.
Handcrafted and hand-painted exclusively for Pier 1, our nutcracker candle stands at attention, ready to watch over your tabletop or mantel.
What holiday magic is this? With a sense of humor and a bit of ingenuity, we’ve managed to transform two taper candles into Mr. and Mrs. Claus. Aren’t they just adorable? Your guests are sure to agree.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Snowflake Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place these snowflake-shaped lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
Our LED candle decorated with cardinals perched on evergreens will brighten a mantel or tabletop with holiday cheer. The timer lets you control when the candlelight starts and stops. Buy a few—one for you and some for hostess gifts.
For a fabulous, intimate lighting accent, think small. Our 10-foot battery-powered Joy Glimmer Strings® use tiny (some would say magical) LEDs the size of a grain of rice strung along shapable, thread-sized silver filament to create an almost weightless, firefly-like effect. Place these lights around centerpieces, or string along banisters and trees, indoors and in covered outdoor areas. Our compatible LED Candle Remote (sold separately) allows them to be turned on or off at a touch. Built-in timer provides automatic shutoff.
Here's the warmth and softness you've been craving. Our fluffy Faux Shearling Throw is not only double-sided for extra warmth, but it's also edged with a silky soft faux mink binding for extra luxury. When it comes to throws, we believe that there's no way to overdo it.
With a long shag on one side and soft, faux fleece on the other, our Sherpa Throw creates instant comfort. Clearly sized for snuggling, this is your guide to the summit of casual style.
This cowhide throw is both friend and faux in cold weather. Friend of all who love bovine patterns and faux, thanks to its super-soft, warm polyester fur.
Decide to go wild and add some animal magnetism to your living environment with our fuzzy, fur-inspired throws. You'd be hard-pressed to find a decorative blanket that's made of plusher stuff.
Relax, this is a faux leopard throw that’s actually softer, warmer and more durable than its namesake. Purely luxurious in every respect, this faux throws a look of total sophistication over your sofa.
We’d all like to be lounging around in the sand of an island known only to us and a certain actor. But, when that’s not an option, the super-soft Sand Fuzzy Throw is the next best thing. It’s the very definition of a staycation.
With a long shag on one side and soft, faux fleece on the other, our Shaggy Sherpa Throw creates instant comfort. Clearly sized for snuggling, this is your guide to the summit of casual style.
For a look that’s cool and a feel that’s warm and snuggly, our luxurious faux fur throw is exactly what you need to keep life cozy.
With a long shag on one side and soft, faux fleece on the other, our Shaggy Sherpa Throw creates instant comfort. Clearly sized for snuggling, this is your guide to the summit of casual style.
For a look that’s cool and a feel that’s warm and snuggly, our luxurious faux fur throw is exactly what you need to keep life cozy.
You'll go wild for our luxe faux fur throw. Made of a comfortable synthetic blend that includes shape-retaining and allergen-resistant modacrylic, the leopard-print top reverses to a faux mink back.
You'll go wild for our luxe faux fur throw. It's made of a comfortable synthetic blend that includes shape-retaining and allergen-resistant modacrylic.
Chenille is French for "caterpillar." And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent, striped throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Naturally inspired, colorful stripes make our chenille throw even more lovable. Drape it over your favorite chair for easy snuggling access. A warm, stylish spot is never far away with this lovely throw.
Colorful stripes come together to create our softer-than-soft throw that has a stripe to match every decor. From snuggling in for movie night to artfully draping it over the sofa, there are a million ways to love this chenille throw.
Chenille is French for "caterpillar." And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent, striped throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Mad for plaid? Dig the appeal of chenille? We've got you covered with our super-soft throw done in a lightweight weave that makes it comfortable for year-round, everyday use.
Chenille is French for "caterpillar." And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent, striped throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar, and while our Chenille Throws weren't spun by a caterpillar, they are still incredibly soft with an iridescent sheen and luxurious fringe.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar, and while our Chenille Throws weren't spun by caterpillar, they are still incredibly soft with an iridescent sheen.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar, and while our Chenille Throws weren't spun by a caterpillar, they are still incredibly soft with an iridescent sheen.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar. And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky soft, iridescent throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar, and while our Chenille Throws weren't spun by caterpillar, they are still incredibly soft with an iridescent sheen.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar. And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky soft, iridescent throw. Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar. And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky soft, iridescent throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar, and while our Chenille Throw wasn't spun by caterpillars, it's still incredibly soft with an iridescent sheen.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar. And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is French for "caterpillar." And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Chenille is the French word for caterpillar. And any caterpillar would be proud to have spun this silky-soft, iridescent, striped throw for your sofa (and for you). Sorry, caterpillars, but this one is ours.
Our chunky, casual throw adds color, texture and all-important warmth to any room. Made of soft acrylic yarns, its overall plaid design is trimmed with knotted fringe to emphasize an exceptionally graceful drape. A thoughtful gift for your favorite dorm dweller.
Don’t leave your sofa or favorite chair out in the cold. Toss our hand-woven decorative throw over it, and add rich and inviting style to your living space. Checkered in cool blues and greens, it sets the scene for comfortable sophistication.
Snuggling just became stylish. Our super-soft, striped throw uses space-dyed yarn to create uniquely textured stripes. Accented with a creamy aqua, it’s a cozy way to add warmth and character to your living space.
This throw’s pattern may be subtle, but the extent of its comfort is obvious. Drape it over a sofa, or armchair for a cozy accent.
Highly prized in Louis XIV’s France, tortoise shell is a tried-and-true look that makes a sophisticated home accent. Today, we pay homage to this classic pattern by using gold and brown mottled glass in the base of our antiqued steel buffet lamp. Perfectly sized for low chests, dressers, pedestals, console tables and—you guessed it—buffet tables.
Handcrafted of mango wood and whitewashed to create a perfectly distressed look, our little accent lamp is an ideal addition to any end table or nightstand. It’s even great on a shelf or entry table and instantly brightens any decor.
An interpretation of a vintage astronomical instrument, our battery-operated LED mini lamp will be a great conversation piece for any home office. It comes with a remote and is crafted of wrought iron and engineered wood. Its rings surround an Edison-look bulb. We think you’ll think the world of it.
There's a reason they call this a Genie Lamp. It's because it's an interior designer's dream come true with its unique chrome-plated base and oversize fabric shade. Shade available in chocolate or ivory.
What's the deal with teal? It's just one of the biggest color trends of the season, that's all. But no worries—you can hop on the teal wagon with just a few simple accents. Like this awesome modern lamp, for instance: Trendy teal on top, textured metal on bottom. Hipster 101.
Pretty yet practical, our Sea Glass Lamp will brighten your life as well as your room. So place it where its translucent base and blue-lined shade will create the maximum visual impact. Sea what we mean?
Occupy Glitz Street. Our vintage-style Boudoir Lamp features a classic candlestick base with ribbed glass ball and a rhinestone-studded shade in soft polished champagne. Sized just right for vanity, desk or nightstand.
A punch of texture and color lights up this lamp. Well, that and the light bulb. With its clean and simple silhouette, this little lamp will fit in almost anywhere. One bright idea: Its vibrant color complements a nautical-themed room or grouping.
Boasting an elegant sheen created by hand-applied capiz shell, our lovely accent lamp introduces a warm, subtle glow into your living space. Topped with a soft, linen shade that creates the perfect contrast, it longs for a front row spot on your end table or desk.
Occupy Glitz Street. Our vintage-style boudoir lamp features a classic candlestick base with ribbed glass ball and a rhinestone-studded shade. Sized just right for your vanity, desk or nightstand.
Our coastal-inspired lamp is a celebration in simplicity. Crafted of hammered recycled glass and topped with a burlap shade, this elegant accent is a natural at creating a bright, welcoming space in your home.
Inspired by architecture’s iconic baluster, our curvaceous table lamp brings classic good looks to your home’s decor. Cast in resin with a washed-wood finish, the base is handsomely paired with a linen shade.
Lighting is more than function. Frequently, it becomes an artful touch that highlights your good taste. Case in point: Our bohemian-inspired table lamp boasts crystal beads adorning a base of clear glass over silver-tone iron and is finished with a tasteful, pleated shade.
Originally used for storing grain, salt and, of course, ginger, the ginger jar originated in China. The handsome shape is now used as the base for lamps because of its beautiful yet simple curves. Our mercury glass lamp has allover silvery, leaf-shaped medallions and a silvery finial atop a linen shade.
A little lamp for those special little places. Designed to dazzle, our Helena lamp is an iron-based beauty with a curvaceous silhouette. Up top? A drum shade. And below—courtesy of hand-placed glass tiles over a clear base—a handsome mosaic pattern.
There's a reason we call this a Genie Lamp. Because with its glamorous iron base and oversized fabric shade, it can grant any room the look you wish for.
From its broad, turned base to its rounded finial on top, our beautiful Gilded Oval Lamp creates a stable, horizontal volume not often seen. The copper-colored finish contrasts nicely with a linen/poly drum shade that creates an effect at once modern and classic.
Inspired by bits of colored glass, tumbled smooth by ocean waves and found washed up along shorelines, our beachy Sea Glass Lamp features a slender transparent base with displayed cord, silver fittings and a simple white linen shade. Light and airy as an ocean breeze.
See your home in a whole new light with our sophisticated buffet lamp. It’s perfect for hosting, with a tall silhouette and sleek, hand-painted base that leaves a small footprint on your serving table.
Mini lamp, major style. Our unique accent piece is crafted with iridescent mother-of-pearl pieces and a sleek brown shade. Perfect for bringing both light and intrigue to tables, shelves and other small spaces—without sacrificing your style.
Where to begin and where to end? It’s impossible to say—for reasons that are infinite. Crafted of sleek black resin with a coordinating finial and topped with an ivory linen shade, this lamp's potential is limitless.
From its broad, turned base to its rounded finial on top, this gilded oval creates a stable, horizontal volume not often seen in the light of, um, lamps. The crackled, gold-colored finish is nicely contrasted with a linen/poly shade that creates an effect at once modern and classic.
Just 13 inches tall, this little lamp brings a lot of drama to classic and modern homes alike. The components sound simple—an inverted vase, covered in a metallic glass mosaic, fitted with a chrome stem and a finely textured drum shade—but the combination creates maximum impact in a minimal footprint.
It’s ironic that the epitome of activity in Mother Nature, the honeycomb, was the inspiration for something so serene. The hammered resin base is complemented with a polyester shantung shade in a soft, earthly hue. Build your own inviting oasis around it, sit back, relax, and say “ahhh.”
Sea glass takes two years of wind and sand wearing on it to achieve its pebbled appearance. Our lamp, however, was crafted with air and blown glass for its unique seeded glass look. Hand-painted in a pale green hue then topped with a natural linen shade, this lamp is truly a found treasure.
Transform any room with the fanciful Mariposa Accent Lamp—exclusively ours. Named after the Spanish word for "butterfly," it is carefully crafted of capiz shell and iron to capture a trio of the winged creatures in flight. We're pretty sure that once you glimpse its soft, romantic illumination, your heart will flutter.
Add a nautical touch to any room in your home with our clearly decked-out lamp. Jute rope encircles a glass jug crafted with a hammered look. The burlap shade and a clear finial provide the perfect finishing touches. My, it really is yar.
How can one tiny square of glass pack so much luminosity? Every polished glass mosaic on our handcrafted Marquis lamp has been individually hand-cut, making each lamp one-of-a-kind. Iridescent shades of emerald seemingly glow even before the switch has been turned on. That’s how.
Romantic, Victorian-inspired lighting—with a modern twist. This sculpted golden and faux crystal lamp adds a dazzling touch to any room.
It’s clear to see why this mod glass and stainless-steel lamp is a tabletop version of our best-selling floor model. We think the bubble design is perfectly groovy—just like the glow emitted from the ivory shade when you turn on the three-way switch.
The "Lights" part of "Lights, camera, action!" Our Hollywood-inspired lamp creates a soft, romantic glow anywhere it appears. Feminine fabric rosettes are anchored to its cotton shade with—appropriately—rhinestones, while a smoky, metallic finish gives the sculpted base an elegant shimmer.
Hayworth recreates the glamour of Hollywood’s silver screen era, with a fluted base in antique ivory and a linen drum shade accented with a distinct silver scribe. It’s time to see your decor in a whole new light.
Want some shimmer with your shine? With its lustrous fabric shade and shimmering glass base, this shapely star puts on a light show before it's even plugged in.
The bird and branch theme has been around for ages, but by the looks of this metallic lamp, we've managed to make it modern. That's certainly a tall order—but given that this beauty measures 29" from bird at base to the twig finial atop its antique white shade—we think we delivered.
Romantic, Victorian-inspired lighting—with a modern twist. This sculpted golden and faux crystal lamp adds a dazzling touch to any room.
Mirrored glass column on a plexi base. Hand-finished shade in a gleaming antiqued silver hue. Shiny metal fittings, tip to toe. Gabrielle puts Deco in a dazzling new light. Put on your shades and pull the chain.
Romantic, Victorian-inspired lighting—with a modern twist. This sculpted golden and faux crystal lamp adds a dazzling touch to any room.
Designed to dazzle, Helena is an iron-based beauty with a curvaceous silhouette. Up top? A drum shade lined with cloud-blue fabric. And below—courtesy of hand-placed glass tiles over a clear base—a mosaic pattern with the translucent appearance of the sea.
Our mercury glass lamp with a teal luster and ivory-colored shade is worthy of a toast or two. Not only does it make an artful addition to your living space, but the price alone is cause for celebration.
Ultra-modern with a teal square shade, a lamp like this is made to show off. The thick glass base comes with an opening at the top, allowing you to place decorative objects (e.g., shells, corks, matchbooks) inside. Showcase its gallery-worthy design in your living room or entryway.
Our Cathedral Table Lamp is a bit awe-inspiring. It's destined to become the focal point of your personal sanctuary thanks to its shimmering mosaic glass base—in pleasant neutrals—and a silk drum shade we've topped with a cute finial.
Though real coral reefs are protected by most countries, faux coral remains popular in jewelry design and home decor. Our lamp, which features a coral-look piece on a glass crystal base, will add subtle coastal flair to your bedroom, study or living room.
Designed to dazzle, our Helena lamp is an iron-based beauty with a curvaceous silhouette. Up top? A drum shade. And below—courtesy of hand-placed glass tiles over a clear base—a handsome mosaic pattern.
Bring some sparkle and shine into your home with our stunning lamp. Featuring a sphere covered in glass mosaic, it catches and reflects light beautifully. The antique brass-finished iron base and an ivory fabric shade further enhance its rich appeal.
The mystery of our Katrina lamp begins with its golden mercury glass—not quite transparent, but not opaque either. The intrigue continues with the curvy shape. The subtly trimmed brown shade completes the story. Epilogue: The perfect lamp for your home.
Now here’s a lamp that goes whole hog. Fashioned with a distressed pig figure, curly tail finial and checkered shade, it offers a chic farmhouse feel to end tables, nightstands and reading nooks. And you won’t have to break your piggy bank to get it.
The right lighting makes all the difference. Take our exclusive farmhouse-inspired lamp. Crafted with the look of wooden planks, strengthened by copper bands and topped with a woven linen drum shade embellished by steel nailhead trim, it’ll instantly transform your home into a homestead.
Curvy and elegant. Sounds model-perfect, doesn’t it? Our capiz table lamp will make an impact as it vogues in your living room, study or bedroom. Set off with silver-tone accents and topped with a linen shade, the lustrous capiz makes a tasteful fashion statement this—and every—season.
The classic design of our hammered recycled glass lamp is influenced by coastal decor. Sitting pretty atop a natural pine base and finished with a burlap shade, it features a three-way switch for lighting your space just the way you want.
The classic look of lace takes new shape in our charming table lamp. The ceramic base features a lacy, floral design in appealing aqua. Give it a front-row spot on your favorite side table, or put it next to your bed to brighten your mornings. Either way, it will make a sweet, stylish addition to your home.
Infused with a touch of sparkle, our simple and sophisticated lamp has it all. Gold-toned flecks are blown right into the glass base that features a sleek shape and versatile design. Complemented by a classic linen shade, it offers endless decorating possibilities.
Honoring the alluring style of Art Deco, our lustrous table lamp mixes dark metal tones with dazzling prisms to create a style that’s impossible to ignore. Light reflects off the shimmering prisms and instantly adds a romantic atmosphere to any space.
Designed to dazzle, Helena is an iron-based beauty with a curvaceous silhouette. Up top? A drum shade. And below—courtesy of hand-placed glass tiles over a clear base—a handsome mosaic pattern.
This mod glass and stainless-steel lamp is a tabletop version of our best-selling floor model. We think the bubble design is perfectly groovy—just like the glow emitted from the turquoise-lined ivory shade when you turn on the 3-way switch.
Somewhat masculine and definitely handsome, this bronze hammered lamp warms up living rooms, offices and dens equally well, thanks to its accommodating 3-way adjustable switch. So, how bright do you want your handsome to be?
Our mercury glass lamp with a champagne-colored shade is worthy of a toast or two. Not only does it make an artful addition to your living space, but the price alone is cause for celebration.
A contemporary continuum of retro and new. Our Iron Rings Table Lamp features a whimsical profile of handcrafted iron with a soft black finish. Topped with a taupe drum shade and featuring a three-way switch, this lamp is at home in an office, living room or lounge.
A symbol of hospitality since the 18th century, this pineapple lamp extends a serene welcome to guests. Equally at home in refined or casual decor, it's cast in shades of antiqued porcelain, stands square on four curled feet and is fitted with an unbleached linen shade and sprouting finial. Sweet.
The "Lights" part of "Lights, camera, action!" Our Hollywood-inspired lamp creates a soft, romantic glow anywhere it appears. Feminine fabric rosettes are anchored to its cotton shade with, appropriately, rhinestones, while a gold-leaf finish gives the sculpted base an elegant shimmer.
A one-of-a-kind twist makes this lamp shine before it's even turned on. Topped by a cotton shade lined with a contrasting faux crocodile pattern. It'll turn heads.
As if this one-of-a-kind tortoise glass lamp with antiqued brown shade weren't special enough, it also works three-ways. Now that's what we call beautiful.
An opening at the top of the base allows you to place decorative objects (e.g. shells, corks, matchbooks) inside. A lamp like this, you really want to show off. Display its thick glass base and ultra-modern square shade. Showcase its gallery-worthy design. Expose its clean, crisp lines. But what to call it, what to call it?
An interpretation of a vintage astronomical instrument, our battery-operated LED lamp will be a great conversation piece for any home office. It comes with a remote and is crafted of wrought iron and engineered wood. Its rings and arrow surround four Edison-look bulbs. We think you’ll think the world of it.
Mirrored panels converge to create the angled, Art Deco-inspired style of our table lamp. Set it on an end table or nightstand to instantly infuse any space with an air of glamour and intrigue.
Less is definitely more when it comes to the simple design of our handcrafted, wooden floor lamp. Featuring traditional styling, it takes any corner from drab to bright and decorated, all with the twist of a switch.
With its handsome wooden base and square fabric shade, the sleek, geometric Metropol Floor Lamp from Pier 1 is sophisticated, smart and tasteful, with an uncommon flair for design. It's you in lamp form.
A new twist on an old favorite. We've taken a tall, glossy, mahogany-toned base and turned it a skosh. Then we added a classic drum shade in creamy, cotton linen. But here's the real curve: To conserve precious wood, we've called upon strong, easy-care, eye-fooling wood substitute. (We dare you to tell the difference.) Make a lamp, save a tree. Has a nice twist to it.
A contemporary continuum of retro and new. Our Iron Rings Floor Lamp features a whimsical profile of handcrafted iron with a soft black finish. Topped with a taupe drum shade and featuring a three-way switch, this lamp is at home in an office, living room or lounge.
Hand-painted, modern floor lamp has a jute shade and provides 72" of flattering lighting. That's enough to put us in a good mood.
This mod, one-of-a-kind piece is also a 3-way lamp. Sounds confusing, but makes beautiful sense when you see for yourself.
We don't just love this lamp, we LURVE it. Even before you flick the switch, it radiates a soft , feminine glow thanks to the shimmery champagne "stem" finished in real silver leaf. And the ivory shade? Embellished with delicate floral appliques highlighted by rhinestone centers for more even glow and shimmer. Like a big, shimmering, glowing flower for your home.
"Stunning" only begins to describe this dazzling floor lamp. Glittering turquoise glass tiles are hand-set around a tall, tapered base topped with an ivory fabric shade—the inside of which is turquoise, too. Even the finial has been designed to match. Especially perfect for contemporary decor, or to enhance white and neutral color schemes.
Our exclusive 3-way lamp features a champagne bronze-gold metal base forming a jointed, flared column, and a gold-lined, taupe fabric shade embossed in reflective gold-colored leaves. All to bring a new, gilded age into your home.
"Stunning" only begins to describe this dazzling floor lamp. Glittering amber glass tiles are hand-set around a tall, tapered base topped with a golden amber fabric shade. Even the finial has been designed to match. Especially perfect for contemporary decor, or to enhance neutral color schemes.
Handmade crystal spheres hover over a mirrored table to create a floor lamp with equal parts glam and function. Topped with a dramatic black shade, it’s a showstopper for sure. Don’t hide this one in a corner.
Designed to dazzle, Helena is a classic beauty with a curvaceous silhouette. Up top? A drum shade. And below—courtesy of hand-placed glass tiles over a clear base—a mosaic pattern with the translucent appearance of the sea.
Tall, dark and handsome. Our Nicolas Floor Lamp boasts classic good looks from finial to base. Stately silhouette. Textured linen drum shade. It makes a stylish vertical impact in your reading nook, behind your sofa or in an empty bedroom corner.
The way Kellee lights up a room will leave you smitten. With an air of Hollywood glam, our modern floor lamp flaunts a silver-tone steel base enclosed in clear glass and topped by an ivory-hued linen shade. Its stylish look and gentle glow add panache to any space without overpowering your other furnishings so your illumination can soar to new heights.
When the room calls for subtle, turn on our delicately curved floor lamp. The rattan base, framed with iron, surrounds an ivory linen shade and creates the right mood lighting for animated conversations, after-dinner drinks—even an impromptu fox trot.
With classic simplicity, our Chatham floor lamp takes both its function and its form seriously. Providing great light with a 3-way switch, its bronze-tone cast iron base is adorned with a break of amber crystal that adds a bit of bling. Completing the look? A stain-resistant fabric shade.
With classic simplicity, our Chatham floor lamp takes its function and its form seriously. Providing great light with a 3-way switch, its silver-tone iron base is adorned with a break of clear crystal that adds a bit of bling. Completing the look? A stain-resistant fabric shade.
Tall, curvy and elegant. Sounds model perfect, doesn’t it? Our capiz floor lamp will make an impact as it vogues in your living room, study or bedroom. Set off with silver-tone accents and topped with a linen shade, the lustrous capiz makes a tasteful fashion statement this—and any—season.
Life has its ups and downs—and so does our cleverly designed metal floor lamp with a brushed nickel finish. Adjustable hardware allows the white shade to slide into positions both high and low. And since adaptability lends itself to compatibility, this industrial-chic lamp is always up for a change—it promises to look beautiful in any environment. Exclusively Pier 1.
Life has its ups and downs—and so does our cleverly designed metal floor lamp with an antique brass finish. Adjustable hardware allows the ivory shade to slide into positions both high and low. And since adaptability lends itself to compatibility, this industrial-chic lamp is always up for a change—it promises to look beautiful in any environment. Exclusively Pier 1.
Here’s a tempting reason to get on—instead of—off the grid. With a white marble base and a mirrored tile shade, this contemporary floor lamp is set to add some glimmer and glitz to the existing infrastructure of your living space. The effect is nothing short of electric.
Lightly brushed with a bronze finish, this long and lean floor lamp is your golden opportunity to shed some light on a rather dark living or reading space. Your peepers will be grateful and your pocketbook won’t be forced to disown you forever.
As stylish as it is tall, our floor lamp applies a keep-it-simple approach to design. Topped with a linen shade, it proves that you don’t need excessive embellishments to light up an entire room.
Ooh to the la la. This slender mademoiselle is adorned with little more than stunning dangles and an elegant pleated shade hemmed in satiny ribbon. With a lamp this beautifully designed, what more could you want?
Mirrored glass column on a bronze-burnished base. Hand-finished shade in a gleaming antiqued silver hue. Sleek metal fittings, tip to toe. Gabrielle puts Deco in a dazzling new light. Put on your shades and flip the switch.
A slender profile with big impact, our floor lamp shimmers on and off, thanks to its glass column base layered in an ombre pattern with hand-applied glass mosaic tiles. A drum shade with piped detailing keeps this look classic and timeless.
It doesn’t take a map to show us the way to good style. Our surveyor-inspired lamp speaks for itself, with sleek wooden legs and a height-adjustable stem that lets it function as both a table lamp and a floor lamp. A fabric shade and three-way switch top off this already one-of-a-kind look.
Where to begin and where to end? It’s impossible to say—for reasons that are infinite. Crafted of sleek black resin with a coordinating finial and topped with an ivory linen shade, this lamp features a three-way switch for customized lamplight.
With more bends and swoops than a ballroom dancer, this floor lamp is that rare combination of style and whimsy, bringing new meaning to the phrase, lighten up. Seriously, why not suspend a mini-chandelier from a gold-colored shepherd’s crook? In this context—and in your home, we’ll bet—it just works. And in a way that’s exclusively Pier 1.
Hayworth recreates the glamour of Hollywood’s silver screen era, with a fluted base and a linen drum shade accented with a distinct silver scribe. It’s time to see your decor in a whole new light.
The "Lights" part of "Lights, camera, action!" Our Hollywood-inspired lamp creates a soft, romantic glow anywhere it appears. Feminine fabric rosettes are anchored to its cotton shade with—appropriately—rhinestones, while a smoky, metallic finish gives the sculpted base an elegant shimmer.
It’s clear to see why this mod glass and stainless-steel floor lamp is so popular. It blends in with any decor while adding a groovy glass bubble accent. The ivory shade and glow you get when you turn on the three-way switch lets you set the mood. Coordinating table lamp also available (sold separately).
Light, like love, is a many-faceted thing. And the rows of large faceted crystals on this handcrafted lamp are the perfect example. Light dances and sparkles off each and every angle of the crystals and the polished finish. Coordinating pendant light sold separately.
The branching tree theme has been around for ages, but by the looks of this metallic lamp, we’ve managed to make it modern. That’s certainly a tall order—but given that this beauty measures well over 5 feet from the base to the twig finial atop its ivory shade, we think we delivered.
A one-of-a-kind twist makes this lamp shine before it’s even turned on. Inspired by our Lexford Chest, our Twist floor lamp features a linen shade accented with studs and a spiral base in a washed gray finish. It’ll turn heads.
Life has its ups and downs—and so does our cleverly designed floor lamp. Crafted from bronze-colored steel, the base features an adjustable component that can slide the linen drum higher or lower. Its adaptability means this industrial-chic design works practically anywhere. You could say it’s always up for a change.
Everything about our Cathedral floor lamp is absolutely divine. From the handcrafted glass mosaic shade hanging from a graceful arc to the beautiful simplicity of the iron base, this is one heavenly design. And just wait until you see how radiant it is when lit.
A shining example of our dedication to artfully crafted lighting, this hammered glass and wrought iron chandelier illuminates dining rooms, entryways and living rooms alike with warm, inviting light. Designed for hardwire installation, it’s a stylish statement for your home and an instant update to your room’s decor.
Light, like love, is a many-faceted thing. And the rows of large faceted crystals on this handcrafted pendant are the perfect example. Light dances and sparkles off each and every angle of the glass and the polished finish. Coordinating floor lamp sold separately.
With our elegant pendant light hanging in your home, everyone will assume you paid to have a glam squad do a home makeover. This ultra-chic style will look amazing anywhere—whether it’s hanging above a dining table or a Japanese soaking tub. Because don’t all celebrities with glam squads relax in Japanese soaking tubs?
Hang in there—the light you've been waiting for is on its way. Finally, a traditional pendant brought into a modern context with amber luster glass and iron fittings with a durable powder-coated bronze finish. This one-of-a-kind fixture brings a unique quality of light and life. Just the thing to make you forget your old hang-ups.
To reduce table clutter and add some serious “wow” to your lighting scheme, consider our pendant. It reflects layers upon layers of rich light, thanks to hundreds of tiny aqua tesserae that were placed by hand. All hardware is included, so it’s a breeze to hang.
A common theme from Gothic architecture and the Renaissance era, the four-leaf quatrefoil design remains appealing. Here, the pattern is embossed across our lustrous glass pendant to insure it sheds a warm, textured glow wherever it's hung. Bronze-colored hardware finishes the timeless look, making it as compelling today as it was yesteryear.
Nothing suggests winter serenity like the stark silhouette of bare birch trees. And our Etched Birches Pendant is no exception, casting a peaceful glow when hung from the ceiling above your dining table. Laser-cut iron creates a landscape of tree trunks, with a hand-painted bronzed finish and inner linen liner to spread the light. Forecast: Serene.
Ooh to the la la. This slender, silvery mademoiselle is adorned with little more than stunning dangles and an elegant pleated shade hemmed in satiny ribbon. With a lamp this beautifully designed, what more could you want?
Ooh to the la la. This slender mademoiselle is adorned with little more than stunning dangles and an elegant pleated shade hemmed in satiny ribbon. With a pendant this beautifully designed, what more could you want?
Symbolizing purity while providing pure brilliance, our Daisy Capiz Pendant Light is a shimmering natural. The source of its beautiful blue glow? Capiz shells painted aqua and teal then hand-formed into floral blooms. You know where to hang it—over your dining table, patio or powder room sink.
Classic in design, this is one pendant that will never go out of style. Suspended by a chain that has been brushed with a bronze finish, our clear glass hurricane will shine a bright light in your foyer or hallway.
Pendants continue to trend because they make a decorative statement as well as provide mood and task lighting. Outfitted with contemporary nickel fittings atop hand-etched clear glass, our floral beauty has easy-to-spot appeal—particularly when you hang one or more over your dining table, bar or kitchen island. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Lest you think blown bubbles are just for kids, consider our pendant light. Handcrafted of glass and designed to suspend from its plated link chain, this exclusive delivers a pop of contemporary culture to your home or office. And that's just plain fun.
Lighting is an artful endeavor, especially in the case of our bejeweled chandelier. Influenced by modern bohemian styling, our gleaming, metallic chandelier features a punched floral pattern and warm amber crystal beads and drops.
Some leaves soak up light, but the maple leaves on our modern, hard-wired pendant spread it around. Artfully crafted of glass, these amber-hued leaves create a warm, nature-inspired glow whether they’re hanging above your dining table, in your entryway or from your living room ceiling. Brilliant, isn’t it?
From setting the mood with gentle illumination to creating a focal point, Leconte lights the way. Our striking, hard-wired pendant light glams up any area—bedroom, hallway or dining room—with its tiered crystal shade while the silver-tone steel chain provides strength and hassle-free hanging. When friends come over, expect glowing reviews.
Glitz, glam and glow. Enjoy a bit of each wherever you hang our dazzling drum pendant. It's hard-wired with a bold diamond-patterned shade crafted of steel and embellished with glass tiles. Maybe we should go back and add “gorgeous” to the initial list.
We see you’re taking a shine to Iliana. Evoking the look of mercury glass, our hard-wired tiered pendant creates a dramatic glow, whether suspended over your dining table, entryway or living room. Brilliant on every level, wouldn’t you say?
The French fleur-de-lis, said to signify light, is the inspiration for our clear glass pendant. Pretty appropriate, right? It boasts a graceful silhouette and is hard-wired with a bronze-hued steel chain and simple candelabra designed to mimic candlelight. Whether you’re creating an intimate setting or just adding some illumination to a hallway, it shines in royal style.
Where to begin? Let’s start at the top with the classics—a strong steel chain and bronze-hued plated crown. From there, our hard-wired pendant gets a bit more modern with its clear glass teardrop shape and slightly rippled surface, expertly designed to cast a cozy glow over your bedroom, bathroom vanity or kitchen island.
Lighting can easily create the warm, inviting atmosphere you desire for your space, and our pendant light does just that. The natural linen shade adds simple styling while the reflector creates a lovely, soft glow that turns any space into a favorite.
Romantic, Victorian-inspired lighting with a modern twist, our sculpted golden and faux crystal pendant light adds a dazzling touch to any room.
Classic in design, this is one pendant that will never go out of style. Suspended by a chain that has been brushed with a nickel-tone finish, our clear glass hurricane will shine a bright light in your foyer or hallway.
Our artful approach to ambience has resulted in this handblown pendant light. Exclusive to Pier 1, this handsome fixture features texture-rich hammered glass and classic fittings with an antiqued bronze finish.
Give your space a garden glow with our tulip-shaped pendant light. Hand-shaped into a pretty silhouette, it casts light beautifully through layers of natural capiz shells with a hint of iridescent gleam. Includes a plug-in swag.
Express your unrestrained and unique style with our iron pendant light. Handcrafted in a cage-like shape, it creates movement that breathes life into any dining, living or hallway space.
Dare to go distressed with our pendant light that features an iron construction that’s worn to perfection. It lights up your dining room, hall or entryway with an industrial modern design that’s effortlessly cool.
Our handcrafted, wooden pendant light is simplicity at it’s finest. The rounded design is an instant hit with any decor, and it fits in any space from a dining room or hallway to a bathroom or bar.
A little rugged, a little rustic and a whole lot of cool, our wooden pendant light is the ideal solution to your lighting needs. Be it in the kitchen or hallway, it illuminates any space with perfectly rounded style.
Handcrafted of distressed wood and boasting and ornate design, our lamp is an intriguing mix of rustic and sophisticated elements. A simple, square shade tops it off with versatile elegance that’s an artful addition to your end table or nightstand.
Long and lean, our wooden lamp makes a big impression in a compact package. Ideal for a table with less space or even a shelf, it’s a simple yet stylish solution to your lighting needs and decor desires.
Formed into smooth, wooden shapes, our table lamp features a geometric design that’s simple in its sophistication. It pairs well with a book and a comfy chair in your favorite reading spot, illuminating your space in versatile, modern style.
Our iron table lamp features a cage-like design that's anything but limiting. Handcrafted of iron, with a hand-applied bronze finish, it illuminates any end table, side table or shelf with intriguing style that's an instant attention-grabber.
Hand-cut and hand-applied, tiny mirrored glass pieces create the base for our stunning table lamp. Shimmery in any light, it’s sleek and sophisticated with a modern element of glamour, giving your space a dressed-to-impress kind of style.
Handcrafted with tiny pieces of glass, our mosaic table lamp captures the light and spreads it across your space to create a warm, shimmering atmosphere. Stunning with the light on or off, it’s much more than your ordinary table lamp.
Even neutrals get their moment to shine. Our Madigan glass table lamp is clean and simple in soft shades of brown, with a classic aspect that brightens your space and instantly creates a warm and inviting atmosphere.
Lighting is an artful endeavor, especially in the case of our bejeweled table lamp. Influenced by modern Bohemian styling, our gleaming, metallic lamp features a punched floral pattern and warm amber crystal beads and drops.
Talk about wow factor! Our table lamp features shimmering crystal spheres stacked atop a shiny silver-toned base and topped off with a dramatic black shade. It’s bright and glamorous and deserves a front and center spot in one of your favorite spaces.
Amber has always been celebrated for its beautiful color and warm glow. Our lavish lamp features an amber tone that evokes that same beauty and warmth. Combined with an elegant shape and shade, it is a stunning way to brighten up your space.
Handsome and sturdy, our unassuming lamp boasts a classic silhouette, wooden base and textured linen drum shade that will effortlessly complement your style, whether that’s rustic, eclectic or shabby chic. Because handsome is as handsome does.
Make a big impact in your small space with our chandelier table lamp. This charming mademoiselle features a classic silhouette painted antique white and capped with an ivory-hued drum shade for soft lighting. Oh-so-refined. Plus, the neutral tone allows it to inhabit a variety of settings and styles—from shabby-chic bedroom to modern farmhouse family room.
Why not enjoy your finest crystal every day? Slender and romantic, our classic table lamp provides a soft, elegant glow through its linen shade. What’s more, light plays beautifully off the glass dangles, creating an eye-catching twinkle. Quite the star, don’t you think?
With classic simplicity, our Chatham table lamp takes its function and its form seriously. Providing great light with a 3-way switch, its silver-tone cast iron base is adorned with clear crystal that adds a bit of bling. Completing the look? A stain-resistant fabric shade.
With classic simplicity, our Chatham table lamp takes its function and its form seriously. Providing great light with a 3-way switch, its bronze-tone cast iron base is adorned with amber crystal that adds a bit of bling. Completing the look? A stain-resistant fabric shade.
Symbols of elegance, class and beauty, pearls have been revered since ancient times. Our table lamp, featuring strands of pearl-look beads on the base, will add a graceful, refined touch to your home. Accented with brushed silver-tone iron, it’s completed with a white fabric shade.
The less expected details on our Lyna lamp add a twist to its more traditional good looks. The clear glass cylinder base features a bubble design with a bronze-colored collar and core; up top, the natural linen drum is ringed in a contrasting rust applique and finished with nailhead trim—making Lyna well-suited for putting your office, entryway or a living area in a whole new light.
Make no mistake: our exclusive lily-inspired glass lamp is anything but garden variety. This beauty is made of hand-etched glass accented with nickel fittings and topped with a golden, opalescent drum shade lined in _____. The look gives new meaning to the idea of fresh cut flowers.
Countless crystal beads are individually strung to create our lamp’s stunning vase, allowing you to see its outer form and inner beauty. The white satin shade is topped with a faceted crystal ball finial to focus its allure. Is it working?
Unchanged for millions of years, the nautilus shell represents nature’s perfection. We’ve brought that same staying power indoors with our stylized Nautilus Lamp. Flaunting a luxurious champagne luster finish and topped by an ivory-hued linen shade and shell finial, it makes a bold statement. Where it makes that statement is your chance to shine.
It won’t grant you three wishes, but with a lamp this gorgeous, who could ask for more? The shade is a stylized interpretation of a tribal Kuba cloth done in laser-cut linen. And, the chain pull adds a touch even a genie would love.
Countless crystal beads are individually strung to create this lamp’s stunning vase, allowing you to see its outer form and inner beauty. The white satin shade, lined with reflective silver, is topped with a faceted crystal ball finial to focus its allure. Is it working?
Cleverly crafted, this outdoor lamp is highlighted by its textured coiled rope base and topped with a linen shade in a shapely silhouette. A little bit rustic with a modern attitude, this lamp will brighten your evenings—indoors or out.
Ooh to the la la. This slender, black mademoiselle is adorned with little more than stunning dangles and an elegant pleated shade hemmed in satiny ribbon. With a lamp this beautifully designed, what more could you want?
Our Tuscan-inspired outdoor lamp allows you to extend your living room look all the way to your patio. It's made of weatherproof materials and topped with a neutral, UV-resistant fabric shade, so you can easily bring it indoors, outdoors and indoors again.
Nothing suggests winter serenity like the stark silhouette of bare birch trees. This table lamp is no exception, with its raw log-like base and birch shade that casts a peaceful glow from any side table. Laser-cut iron creates a landscape of tree trunks, with a hand-painted bronzed finish and inner linen liner to spread the light. Forecast: Serene.
This glitzy little number garners its shine from iridescent mother of pearl individually inlaid on a shapely silhouette. Switch on the lamplight, and you've got a home accent that provides day-to-evening glamour.
If you've ever wondered what the perfect raindrop would look like if it were frozen in mid-air, it’s the body of this lamp. With its smooth sheen that travels all the way up to the silky, rounded lampshade, and dual pull chains for easy use, you'll find yourself fighting to resist its beauty.
This table lamp oozes elegance before you ever turn it on. Lustrous mosaic tiles in hues of aqua are hand-set around it to create a shimmering ocean of color. And the inside of the silk-like shade features a deep aqua liner to wash the light with a cool blue glow.
Light dances through the open metalwork of the distressed-finished bronze base. The linen shade complements its classic shape, and is topped by a matching finial. And for those who don’t like to be left in the dark—the three-way light can also act as nightlight.
The graceful silhouette of this lamp is striking, but it’s the silvery glass mosaics that make it brilliant. Each carefully placed mosaic on the base of this handcrafted lamp reflects the light from above in a beautiful radiance. The natural cotton canvas shade complements its shimmery appeal.
Ooh to the la la. This slender, silvery mademoiselle is adorned with little more than stunning dangles and an elegant pleated shade hemmed in satiny ribbon. With a lamp this beautifully designed, what more could you want?
Countless crystal beads are individually strung to create this lamp’s stunning vase, allowing you to see its outer form and inner beauty. The black satin shade, lined with reflective silver, is topped with a faceted crystal ball finial to focus its allure. Is it working?
Clearly, you have good taste. Handcrafted with a modern tapered silhouette, natural linen shade and hammered texture, this clear glass lamp has a penchant for versatility. When paired with your room’s existing decor, you’ll see it all again in a brand new light.
Our exclusive 3-way lamp features a champagne gold glass base in a genie shape, with a gold-lined, taupe fabric shade embossed in reflective gold-colored leaves. All so you can bring the gilded age into your home.
A sleek base covered in naturally luminous mother-of-pearl. A tailored, square shade with the look of crisp linen. Silver-tone pulls, matching finial, timeless design. Yes, our lamp is a true gem.
We see beautiful, handcrafted lighting in your future. The base of this lamp is made of three crystal balls—one of this season’s hottest silhouettes. The impressive finishing touch: A silky, white cotton drum shade. Accepts a three-way bulb, 150-watt max.
Celebrate America! Add a few strategically placed lanterns about the place, and magically, the party is underway.
Illuminate all the things that go bump in the night with our spiderweb lantern. Featuring a battery-operated timer, it’s a spooky cool way to light up your entryway or porch for trick-or-treaters.
The true beauty of fall is captured perfectly in our unique light. Handcrafted leaves in all the warm colors of fall are illuminated by the twinkle of string lights. It’s a natural accent for autumn and beyond.
You’ll love the gentle golden hues cast by our leaf-shaped, soda lime glass lights. You’ll enjoy the versatility of not being tied to an electrical cord. You’ll especially appreciate the ability to string them on a soffit, mantel or railing. In review, that adds up to love, enjoy, appreciate—and buy.
Forego the candlelit glow and choose the lovely warmth of lamplight. Reminiscent of your favorite set of candlesticks, our stylish lamp features an antiqued finish and simple linen shade that brings inviting style to any indoor or outdoor setting.
Extending your party's lighting just got a lot easier and a lot more fun, thanks to our remote-controlled, wireless light source that works with all your favorite paper lanterns. Just put this unit in your lantern and have effortless remote control, with a convenient timer for unattended operation.
Bring the outside in with our rustic willow ball LED pendant. Hung from a ceiling, patio or tree limb, it creates a natural light that may just draw you like a moth to a battery-operated “flame.” Includes a timer.
If you think one chandelier signifies elegance and sophistication, try six. Crafted with beads over a powder-coated carbon skeleton, our chandelier light string features six mini chandeliers fitted with tiny LEDs. Just add batteries and hang it from a tree, on the patio or inside on your vanity for insta-glam.
Our cool-hued round lights are made from sea glass, which is naturally frosted due to years of weathering on salty beaches. Hang each string of 10 LEDs from a tree or covered patio for instant aquatic ambience.
Add a few strategically placed paper lanterns about the place, and magically, the party is underway.
Have a ball with your outdoor decor and hang our cool, plicker pendant light. Featuring the look of rattan in a modern, spherical shape, it’s ideal for indoor spaces, too.
Weave a contemporary, earthy style into your outdoor decor with our table lamp. Featuring a woven base and simple shade, it easily incorporates into your stylish patio or porch.
Beautiful shades of brown tones intertwine in an open weave to create our distinctive, hand-painted pendant light. Perfect for hanging on your patio or porch, and equally as perfect for your indoor spaces, it adds warmth and earthy style anywhere.
Afternoon happy hours last well into the evening when your umbrella is illuminated by this LED. Install on the underside of your umbrella to enjoy continuous, remote-controlled light—long after the sun leaves the party.
When you hook this unique LED pendant under your favorite table umbrella, it adds instant ambience. Works with the Pier 1 LED remote (sold separately).
Light up the night in perfect, party-ready style with our set of LED lanterns. Made of nylon, they can be left outdoors to keep the party going all day, every day.
If you’re ready for an outdoor lighting solution that’s versatile, durable and stylish, look no further. Hand-woven from synthetic rattan and fitted with a battery-powered LED, the Echo Beach Lantern works beautifully with an eclectic mix of furnishings. Use the included chain and hook to hang it from a tree or patio.
Our string of paper party lights contains 10 colorful, LED mini lanterns and a battery compartment with an easy on/off switch. Hang it inside or on a covered patio and let the festivities begin.
Add a few strategically placed paper lanterns about the place and magically, the party is underway.
Even Edison had style when he sparked up that first bulb, and our Industrial String Lights evoke that old-school look. From doorways to terraces, they’re cooler than cool in a totally traditional kind of way. Just like your style.
Evocative of that easy going, oceanside vibe we all love, our pendant light is wrapped in faux wicker to create a simple, modern appeal that’s perfect for any outdoor space.
Have a place you need a light, but you don't have an electrical outlet nearby? We have just the light for you—our LED pendant. It has an umbrella-style shade, finished with columns of plastic beads and will add a nice glow to your covered patio or an out-of-the-way corner. If only all questions had such easy answers.
If anyone deserves to live the plush life, it’s your sofa, chairs and bed. Think about it: They’re always there for you when you’ve had a long, exhausting day. Yup, we’d say they’ve earned some oversized plush. Super-soft, super-squishy, super-snuggly goodness. And lucky for you, they’re willing to share.
This pillow is really, really plush. Soft, squishy, super-snuggly. Oh sure, it also looks great on a sofa or chair or bed. No question. But cuddle up to this baby and you're not getting up any time soon, man.
Need some support? Our Lindon Lumbar Pillow has your back. Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, this pillow is both luxuriant and functional. Give your couch, chair or bed the decorative boost it deserves.
This pillow is really, really plush. Soft, squishy, super-snuggly. Oh sure, it also looks great on a sofa or chair or bed. No question. But cuddle up to this baby and you're not getting up any time soon, man.
Need some support? Our Lindon Lumbar Pillow has your back. Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, this pillow is both luxuriant and functional. Give your couch, chair or bed the decorative boost it deserves.
You can’t go wrong with velvet. Elegant and classic, it has always been the most luxurious of fabrics, and our velvet pillow carries on the tradition. Soft, smooth and perfectly adorned, this is the classic companion that gives your living area or bedroom that special touch of grandeur.
Plush—the word speaks for itself. And our Plush Pillow, with its suede-like feel and array of colors, is saying “comfort” loud and clear. While adding a dash of fashion, your sofa, chair or bed, this pillow is also a welcome invitation to rest your head.
Plush—the word speaks for itself. And our Plush Pillow, with its suede-like feel and array of colors, is saying “comfort” loud and clear. While adding a dash of fashion to your sofa, chair or bed, this pillow is also a welcome invitation to rest your head.
Sometimes we like to keep it simple. With its clean design and natural texture, this pillow brings casual elegance to your sofa, chair or bed—on its own or layered with other pillows. Nothing complicated about that.
It's easy to get your daily recommended amount of color with our yellow Plush Pillow. Incredibly soft to the touch, it's edged with self-piping for just the right combination of comfort and tailored good looks. What a bright idea for sofas, chairs and beds.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a rich burgundy. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a smokey blue. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a cool blue. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a classic taupe. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a soft brown. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a warm ivory. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or  refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a warm, brick hue. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
An enduring classic—soft, touchable velvet reverses to a smooth, shiny satin in a deep navy. What better way to add dimension and richness to your favorite chair, update a sofa or refresh your favorite pillow arrangement.
Bring the colors and textures of the seashore to your living space with our plush, one-of-a-kind pillow. The soft, cotton/linen blend is lovely in ivory, and the simple classic style offers endless decorating possibilities.
Bring the colors and textures of the seashore to your living space with our plush, one-of-a-kind pillow. The soft, cotton/linen blend is lovely in blue, and the simple classic style offers endless decorating possibilities.
When is a solid-color pillow more than just a solid-color pillow? When it’s our cotton-covered pillow with distinctive chenille trim. Whether alone or mixed with other pillows, it will complement your living room, den or bedroom decor. Plus, a hidden zipper allows easy access to a plump polyester insert.
When is a solid-color pillow more than just a solid-color pillow? When it’s our cotton-covered pillow with distinctive chenille trim. Whether alone or mixed with other pillows, it will complement your living room, den or bedroom decor. Hidden zipper allows easy access to a plump polyester insert.
Fringe makes everything more fun, and our pretty pillow features a fringed border surrounding a cover that has a super-soft, velvet front and a smooth, silky back. Toss it on your bed, sofa or favorite accent chair to add a bit of sophisticated cheer. A concealed zipper offers easy access to the included poly insert.
When is a solid-color pillow more than just a solid-color pillow? When it’s our cotton-covered pillow with distinctive chenille trim. Whether alone or mixed with other pillows, it will complement your living room, den or bedroom decor. Hidden zipper allows easy access to poly insert.
Fringe makes everything more fun, and our pretty pillow features a fringed border surrounding a cover that has a super-soft, velvet front and a smooth, silky back. Toss it on your bed, sofa or favorite accent chair to add a bit of sophisticated cheer. A concealed zipper offers easy access to the included poly insert.
Bring the colors and textures of the seashore to your living space with our plush, one-of-a-kind pillow. The soft, cotton/linen-blend is lovely in light green, and the simple classic style lends itself to endless decorating possibilities.
Bring the colors and textures of the seashore to your living space with our plush, one-of-a-kind pillow. The soft, cotton/linen-blend is lovely in blush, and the simple classic style lends itself to endless decorating possibilities.
Sometimes we like to keep it simple. With its clean design and natural texture, this pillow brings casual elegance to your sofa, chair or bed—on its own or layered with other pillows. Nothing complicated about that.
Cast our Lindon Pillow in a supporting role among more complicated characters, and it's guaranteed to garner rave reviews. Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, it performs especially well on sofas and chairs.
Need some support? Our Lindon Lumbar Pillow has your back. Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, it's both luxuriant and functional. Give your sofa, chair or bed the decorative boost it deserves.
Sometimes we like to keep it simple. With its clean design and natural texture, this pillow brings casual elegance to your sofa, chair or bed—on its own or layered with other pillows. Nothing complicated about that.
How can something be so luxurious yet so soft, squishy and super-snuggly, too? It’s one of those modern miracles—also known as our very own Plush Pillow. The rich color and satin cording is the ideal accent for a bed, sofa or chair. But be warned—wherever it is, you’ll want to be. The velvety-soft texture makes you want to really cuddle up and stay for a while.
Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, our Lindon Pillow is both luxurious and functional. Give your sofa, chair or bed the decorative boost it deserves.
Our chenille lumbar pillow will take center stage wherever it’s placed. Showcase this super-shiny star on your bed, sofa or favorite accent chair to add a bit of decorating brilliance. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Cast our Lindon pillow in a supporting role among more complicated characters, and it's guaranteed to garner rave reviews. Soft, plush and piped in a corded satin trim, it performs especially well on sofas and chairs.
It's easy to get your daily recommended amount of a neutral vibe with our gray Plush Pillow. Incredibly soft to the touch, it's edged with self-piping for just the right combination of comfort and tailored good looks. What a subtly smart idea for sofas, chairs and beds.
It's easy to get your daily recommended amount of a neutral vibe with our ivory Plush Pillow. Incredibly soft to the touch, it's edged with self-piping for just the right combination of comfort and tailored good looks. What a subtly smart idea for sofas, chairs and beds.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a nice touch of blue to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a nice touch of green to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows.
Add a touch of dramatic elegance with our velvet striped pillow featuring a self-piped border. Toss it on your bed, sofa or favorite accent chair to add a bit of sophisticated shimmer. A concealed zipper offers easy access to the included poly insert.
Made exclusively for Pier 1, our tone-on-tone striped velvet pillow will add a touch of class to your sofa, chair or bed. It mixes and mingles easily with patterned and solid-color pillows and cuddles nicely, too.
Think of our cable-knit pillow as a fisherman’s sweater for your chair or sofa. Mix it with other textured or patterned pillows and make the look your own. And the pompom trim? Well, that’s there to make you smile. Worked, didn’t it?
Let it shine! Maybe on a sofa. Or in a bedroom. Anywhere you want to enrich some subtle silvery shimmer. We especially like how our metallic pillow's basketweave texture adds a bit of understated intrigue to the overall effect. Nicely appointed with a soft poly insert behind the hidden zipper for plumpness and shape retention.
Get the look of luxe in a rich monochromatic hue and plush texture. It’s the kind of subtle accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
It's not your imagination. The colorful border is a little extra shimmery, thanks to a thick, patterned fringe—a fun way to frame this ivory woven pillow. You might even say it’s a party on the outside, soft and comfy on the inside.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a pop of brilliant rust to a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a pop of radiant red to a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a classic touch of gray to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
The chenille texture may have been inspired by centuries-old woven textiles, but we've infused our warm, honey-colored pillow with a fresh, up-to-date vibe. The cotton cover is soft to the touch and comes complete with a shaped poly insert inside the concealed zipper closure. Comfortable, fashionable and brilliant, this is one pillow that's easy to weave into your plans.
The chenille texture may have been inspired by centuries-old woven textiles, but we've infused our clay-hued pillow with a fresh, up-to-date vibe. The cotton cover is soft to the touch and comes complete with a shaped poly insert inside the concealed zipper closure. Comfortable, fashionable and brilliant, this is one pillow that's easy to weave into your plans.
The chenille texture may have been inspired by centuries-old woven textiles, but we've infused our smoke blue pillow with a fresh, up-to-date vibe. The cotton cover is soft to the touch and comes complete with a shaped poly insert inside the concealed zipper closure. Comfortable, fashionable and brilliant, this is one pillow that's easy to weave into your plans.
There’s a party on your sofa, and our pillow is the life of it. Celebrate softness and comfort in a shimmering brown with flashy fringe. This pillow makes your sofa the perfect place to crash for a pizza party, movie marathon or cozy catnap.
Get the look of luxe in a rich monochromatic hue and plush texture. It’s the kind of accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel bright and inviting.
Get the look of luxe in a rich monochromatic hue and plush texture. It’s the kind of subtle accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
Get the look of luxe in a rich, monochromatic hue and plush texture. It’s the kind of vibrant accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
Get the look of luxe in a rich, monochromatic hue and plush texture. It’s the kind of subtle accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
When it comes to color and texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone as a bold teal accent in a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add an uplifting pop of orange to a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a refreshing pop of lime to a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone as a sophisticated gold accent in a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Mix and match with our colored chenille pillows and patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, this pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of moody indigo to a neutral room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
We've taken the exquisite texture of velvet and improved upon it by adding a geometric embroidered pattern to our neutral-tone pillow. It has a plain, smooth back and a plump, durable poly insert for comfort.
Our soft yet exotic pillow is crafted in the style of traditional Indian floor coverings, or dhurries. With a gently heathered cotton exterior, delicate ivory hue, lacy frame embellishment and hidden zipper, it mixes well with a variety of style aesthetics. Including yours, of course.
Our soft yet exotic pillow is crafted in the style of traditional Indian floor coverings, or dhurries. With a gently heathered cotton exterior, delicate blue hue, lacy frame embellishment and hidden zipper, it mixes well with a variety of style aesthetics. Including yours, of course.
The charm and romance of a country cabin meet the sophisticated glamour of minimalist style—all in one pillow. This one is all about the details, with a calming, neutral fabric surrounded by a double rickrack border, plus a concealed zipper for easy access to the included poly insert. Charming indeed.
Our handcrafted, beaded pillow boasts a simple design suited for a variety of spaces. The glittery, gold-tone beads frame a sophisticated neutral background for a touch of elegance you can toss on the sofa.
Frilly, silky and fabulous, our pillow adds fun to a chair or bed. But rest assured, it's also discreet—there's a hidden zipper closure on back.
Pattern and color combine to make a classic design modern again. Draped in a beautifully textured linen/cotton blend, our eye-catching pillow also has a hidden zipper allowing easy access to a soft, shapely poly insert that will keep things comfortable.
Our soft yet exotic pillow is crafted in the style of traditional Indian floor coverings, or dhurries. With a gently heathered cotton exterior, delicate blush hue, lacy frame embellishment and hidden zipper, it mixes well with a variety of style aesthetics. Including yours, of course.
Get a luxe look in a rich monochromatic hue and plush texture. Plus, there’s soft, shapely polyfill behind a hidden zipper for added comfort. It’s the kind of subtle accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
Our pillow is fringe with benefits. A classic neutral with a generous inch of fringe all around, it has a plump poly insert behind a hidden zipper that will keep things comfy.
When it comes to color and texture, our lumbar pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of cool spruce to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our lumbar pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a bit of royal gold to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our lumbar pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of sumptuous chocolate to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of classic ivory to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of cool spruce to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of royal gold to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of sumptuous chocolate to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
When it comes to color and texture, our lumbar pillow is rich. Ultra-soft chenille yarn is woven in a classically striking herringbone pattern. Let it stand alone to add a touch of classic ivory to your room, or mix and match with our patterned pillows for a wealth of personality.
Get the look of luxe in a rich, monochromatic hue and plush texture. Plus, there’s a soft, shapely poly insert behind a hidden zipper for added comfort. It’s the kind of subtle accent that makes a sofa, bed or reading nook feel inviting and irresistible.
Bold and bright, our Basketweave Pillow is the perfect way to add a pop of vibrant color to your favorite spaces. Constructed of soft cotton, with a plush poly insert, it goes perfectly with your patterned pillows and mixes flawlessly with solids to instantly enhance your space with comfort and color.
Our Basketweave Pillow is the perfect way to add a pop of vibrant color to your favorite spaces. Constructed of soft cotton, with a plush poly insert, it goes perfectly with your patterned pillows and mixes flawlessly with solids to instantly enhance your space with comfort and color.
There’s a party on your couch, and this pillow is the life of it. Celebrate softness and comfort with shimmering earth tones mixed with a flashy fringe. This pillow makes your couch the perfect place to crash for a pizza party, movie marathon or cozy catnap.
Frilly, silky and fabulous, this pillow adds fun to a chair or bed. But rest assured it's also discreet—there's a hidden zipper closure on back.
There’s a party on your couch, and this pillow is the life of it. Celebrate softness and comfort with shimmering earth tones mixed with a flashy fringe. This pillow makes your couch the perfect place to crash for a pizza party, movie marathon or cozy catnap.
Our pretty cotton pillow is filled with plush polyester and decorated with bright, bold blooms. Evoking images of spring, it livens up any sofa or chair, bringing freshness to your favorite spaces.
Inspired by both flora and fashion, our Grand Bazaar lumbar pillow displays Mother Nature at her most colorful. Handcrafted embroidered flowers play well together atop a soft, woven cotton shell. Complete with a supportive poly insert and hidden zipper.
It’s a jungle out there, but that doesn’t mean there’s much flora or fauna in view of your window. So, toss our hand-embroidered accent pillow on a sofa or chair to add some green leafiness to your living space. It’s safe and seasonal.
Add a fresh, tropical look to your sofa, chair or bed with our hibiscus-inspired pillow. Intricately embroidered on a cotton-blend cover and edged in fringe, the design adds pretty pops of color to your decor. And a shaped poly insert inside the concealed zipper offers long-lasting comfort.
An indoor oasis awaits you. When you need to get away from it all, our palm leaves pillow has your back. Fresh, hand-embroidered palm leaves rest on a sandy backdrop, and a plump, durable poly insert provides long-lasting comfort. Send us a postcard.
Set on a rusty orange field, our pillow’s floral pattern really catches the eye. And with a fringed border and soft, shapely poly insert, it displays both beauty and brains.
Give your sofa, armchair or bed a few flowers that are forever in bloom. Our embroidered pillow has a golden shimmer, thanks to metallic thread intricately stitched into its pretty pattern. Plus, it has a concealed zipper for easy access to the included poly insert.
Our Capri pillow is all charm, all the time. Crafted by hand with a woven cotton shell, it features lovely embroidery inspired by nature. Complete plump poly fiberfill inside the concealed zipper closure.
Scatter wildflowers where you may with our vivid handcrafted wildflower applique pillow. Perfect for when you want a bold color statement that'll fit right in with a natural look. It comes filled with plump poly fiberfill to keep things comfortable.
From the Latin rosa, used as a term of endearment, roses have inspired romance for centuries. And we see no reason to break that tradition. Our handcrafted pillow is lushly embroidered with roses of every color and finished with metallic yarn for a subtle shimmer throughout the petals.
Flowers and stripes are always in season, which means our pillow is a lovely accessory all year long. Crafted with a soft cotton exterior, plump poly fiberfill and decorated with an embroidered bouquet, it’s a fresh dose of garden-style romance.
Bring the best of the garden inside—no watering required. Our charming little pillow is crafted with a woven cotton exterior that’s been gently heathered for a rustic effect, then finished with allover floral embroidery and a hidden zipper. A fresh pick.
While red roses tend to star in romantic gestures, we think the underappreciated colors have the most to say. Enchantment, appreciation and perfect happiness, to name a few. So make our charming, bouquet-filled decorative pillow the star of your favorite chair or loveseat.
Greek for “water vessel,” the hydrangea is famous for its ability to bloom in a variety of radiant hues, from white to blue to pink to purple to green. We’re showcasing our favorites on this delightful decorative pillow, crafted with a cotton/linen-blend cover, a plump poly insert and hidden zipper.
Reminiscent of vintage cameo carvings and Victorian-era brooches, our mini decorative pillow is chock full of sophisticated romance. Place it alone on a chair or loveseat, or mix it with cozy solids for an even more elegant statement.
Our pillow belongs in an art gallery, but your living room will do as well. It’s crafted by hand with a soft cotton/linen-blend cover adorned with metallic yarn for gentle shimmer. Finished with intricate floral embroidery, muted watercolor-style flowers and abstract beadwork, it’s sure to become the focal point of any chair, sofa or loveseat.
Consider this an accessory for all seasons. Our colorful pillow is crafted with a rustic cotton/linen-blend cover and natural jute embroidery highlighting the changes in leaves.
Bring wildflowers inside with our bright, embellished pillow with hand-embroidered appliques. To keep it from wilting, our pillow comes with a 100% cotton cover and plump poly fiberfill for long-lasting comfort.
Now you can have your very own English garden indoors—without all the work. Our embroidered floral pillow features colorful spring flowers on a field of soft ivory with golden piping and a hidden zipper for easy removal and cleaning. It’s a beautiful perennial you’ll enjoy year after year.
Daisies are some of the most beautiful flowers in the world and convey exuberance and cheer. Our pillow, with decorative stitched trim, spreads the happiness with positive messages on every single petal.
Who knew neutrals could be so colorful? Our cotton/linen-blend pillow is adorned with elaborate, Jacobean-style floral embroidery and finished with tied tassels. It will look wonderful mixed with other neutrals or against bolds or brights. Plus, a concealed zipper offers easy access to the included poly insert.
Artfully appointed and awash in vibrant color, our watercolor-inspired pillow showcases an oversized floral print—perfect for an instant sofa refresh. The front is a cotton/linen blend, with cotton on the reverse. Plus, a shaped poly insert is concealed inside the zipper closure.
Pretty floral blooms instantly brighten any room. Bold colors set on a subtle script background give our cute, casual pillow a versatile style that you can add to any of your favorite spaces.
Our lumbar pillow packs a big punch. Bursting with pattern, texture and color, it’s a welcome addition to both chairs, beds and comfy couches alike.
Characterized by fanciful plant and animal motifs, Jacobean embroidery first became popular in 17th-century England. Our cotton-covered  pillow comes alive thanks to the characteristic botanical design in subdued shades of yellow and gray atop a natural background.
In the mood for some fresh flowers? Our embellished pillow features bold, embroidered blooms that add rich color and wonderful texture to your living room, den or bedroom. Framed with blue piping, it has a cotton cover, hidden zipper and is plumped with poly insert.
Fresh shades of blue and green bloom sweetly on our embroidered pillow. Handcrafted, with a cotton cover and plumped with poly fill, our embellished pillow adds a demure touch to your sofa, easy chair or bed.
Settle down on a bed of flowers. Printed on a velvety cotton blend, these petals provide a pastel accent to your sofa, chair or bed. Get a few for a perfect floral arrangement, and with the concealed zipper and durable poly insert, comfort will bloom in your home.
Neatly detailed embroidery and decorative beading give our pretty floral pillow an air of artistry. Along with its beautifully embellished cotton cover, it includes a shaped poly insert inside a concealed zipper.
Flowers brighten any space, and the bold colors and mosaic design of our plush pillow fit the bill. Beautiful blooms crafted from soft polyester bring the feeling of spring to your favorite spaces.
Intricate embroidery and velvety patches create the compelling leaf design that travels along our lumbar pillow. Reminiscent of the fresh and easy feeling of spring, its simple design makes it the perfect accent piece.
It’s hard to be blue when you’re snuggled up to our pretty blue rose pillow. Set on a background of soft script and accented with rich shades of green, its sweet design spreads loveliness wherever it goes.
A sweet border of flowers, in creamy shades of blue, gives our embroidered pillow a style as sweet as a freshly picked bouquet. The soft neutral background adds a versatility to the design that makes it an easy addition to your decor.
A soft script creates the backdrop for the climbing floral design on our decorative pillow. Rich shades of blue and green add a splash of color, while its sweet, simple design effortlessly freshens any space in need of an upgrade.
Inspired by the groovy style of days gone by, our beaded pillow features a throwback design with a modern twist. Rich earth tones mingle with bright hues and whimsical prints, making it a sunny addition to your pillow collection.
Our incredibly inviting pillow coordinates with a range of colors and styles. Its narrow, piped-red edge creates a subtle contrast, while its plump silhouette creates a not-subtle-at-all element of comfort.
Our incredibly inviting pillow coordinates with a range of colors and styles. Its narrow, piped-red edge creates a subtle contrast, while its oversized dimensions create a not-subtle-at-all element of comfort.
Colorful beads highlight traditional flower shapes appliqued on a woven cotton background, proving that handcrafted details make all the difference. Easy to mix with solid colors or other patterns, our pillow is pretty on the inside, too, with durable poly fiberfill for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort.
Our natural woven cotton pillow blends warm colors, beaded accents and contrasting trim into an artful, timeless design. We especially like how easy it is to group with solids and patterns, although it's classic enough to sit alone on a chair or settee. Gives all-new meaning to the term "tree-hugger."
Colorful and classic, our pillow combines appliqued flowers with beaded highlights on a woven cotton background. Add it to a favorite chair, or mix with other pillows for a fun look on a sofa or bed.
Glass beads add just the right amount of glimmer to our woven cotton pillow, while a bold flower motif keeps things fresh and natural in spirit. Finished with a hidden-zipper closure, this comfortable design is shaped with durable poly fiberfill for long-lasting good looks.
Embellished with flowers layered to create a 3-D effect, our cotton/linen-blend pillow features a warm sunset-inspired color palette. The coordinating trim gives it a clean, finished look.
Discover a flourish of details on this petaled pillow. With a cotton/linen cover and a hidden zipper, the layers of blue, green and bronze embroidery and appliques, crinkled fabric and ribbon trim bring the soft side of the outdoors into your home.
The big, bodacious blooms on this accent pillow create a look that's anything but garden variety. The colorful raised and layered appliques pop atop the neutral background, and the solid red underside delivers nice contrast. You can plant it on a sofa, bed or chair, even in low light or no light, because this is one bouquet that thrives in self-made sunshine.
Like its namesake, this printed canvas pillow with hidden zipper offers a breathtaking scene from the beautiful canyons surrounding this southwestern city. The brilliant colors and embellishments can turn a drab sofa into something fab. Mix it up with complementary solid color pillows and other prints for a layered effect.
If you love the simple elegance of stripes, it’s time to branch out. Expand your horizons with our artfully woven pillow, featuring a stand of gold-foiled birch trees against a pale background. It creates a striped pattern that’s rooted in style. Includes a hidden zipper.
Our oversized Rosewood floral pillow gets a lot of second glances. That’s because its beautiful woven pattern so closely resembles mosaic tile, yet it’s incredibly soft to the touch. The reverse side features complementary shades in a textural plaid design, which is also featured on the piping. It makes an artful addition to any room in your home—just be ready when guests stop for a closer look.
Bring a touch of spring inside all year long with our oversize fern pillow. Prominently featuring a flocked fern on a soft cotton flax material, this natural beauty will make you fond of fronds.
Along with old-fashioned baby names, vintage home furnishings are all the rage. To wit: Our hand-stitched embroidered pillow. Puckered-cotton flowers bloom on a field of soft antique white. Grab your piece of the good ol’ days.
Love the look of an English garden but hate getting your hands dirty? Dig this: Our embroidered floral pillow features bright spring flowers on a field of soft ivory, with button loop closure for easy removal and cleaning. You know, in case other people's hands get dirty.
Mother Nature's showing off her glam makeover. Our pillow's graceful gilded tree motif glows with a foil-and-flocking sheen and soft tones of silver, blue and gray. The effect is modern-cool yet cozy, with a soft, shapely poly insert behind the hidden zipper to keep things comfortable. What a beauty!
Take a fall foliage tour right in your own home with our handcrafted pillow. Vivid green, deep red and warm orange leaves are embroidered and accented with gorgeous beading. The best part? You can enjoy the beauty of fall all year long.
Gild the lily? Never. Gild the leaves? Certainly. Our elegant, handcrafted pillow is a snapshot of falling leaves shaded in subtle gold foil. It’s a beautiful, artistic addition to any room no matter the season.
If you appreciate the quiet stillness of a stand of white birch trees, you’ll fall for our newest pillow. Crafted with chenille embroidery and beading, it pays homage to nature in a way that glistens beautifully.
This isn’t your grandmother’s embroidered floral pillow. No, our colorful pillow has a distinctly global, independent, beautiful vibe. It’s heirloom-worthy, but it also has bazaar appeal—something for every generation and personality to appreciate.
Flocked with a map of the world, our naturally elegant pillow is a sophisticated yet unique addition to your collection. Toss it on the sofa or feature it in your favorite chair; either way, we know it will be your most favorite pillow in the whole wide world.
Our global-inspired, paisley-print chenille pillow will add the right kind of drama to your sofa or bed. Oversized so it's big enough to snuggle on the floor with, it's plumped with comfortable poly fill and will be the pillow you reach for—during calm and exciting times.
Crewelwork is a type of crochet embroidery using yarn and a variety of stitches to form a design. In this case, it's a tribal Suzani pattern in bold, earthy tones on an awesome pillow. Hello, crewel world. Goodbye, boring.
Rambagh Palace, once the private sanctuary of a maharaja and now one of the world's most exclusive hotels, provided inspiration for the ornate design of this decorative pillow. Sitting atop an ivory background, the symmetrical print conveys a sense of elegance you can add to your own abode. Thankfully, we've made sure rich isn't reserved solely for the royals these days.
Our pillow features a traditional Suzani pattern stitched atop a paisley print for a unique, global look. Toss in one of every color for an exotic, eclectic vibe that speaks to your adventurous spirit.
What's to love: The timeless motif, intricate embroidery and colors that mix easily with most palettes—including metallics. What's to love even more: Tailored details that include a cotton cover, hidden-zipper closure and a durable poly insert for long-lasting support, comfort and shape.
Rambagh Palace, once the private sanctuary of a maharaja and now one of the world's most exclusive hotels, provided inspiration for the ornate design of our decorative pillow. Sitting atop an ivory background, the symmetrical print conveys a sense of elegance you can add to your own abode. Thankfully, we've made sure rich isn't reserved solely for the royals these days.
There are two sides to every story, and the story here is all about soft, warm color. Whether you opt for the front medallion print or the spicy stripes on back, our pillow gives you the versatile hues that harmonize with this season's palette.
Mix this colorful accent with solids and textures to help you tie colors and patterns together for a sophisticated look. It’s as if you planned it that way.
Our three beaded, paisley-inspired motifs are the perfect mix of elegance and sumptuousness. All with a shaped poly insert inside a concealed zipper. You’re most certainly welcome.
A majestic medallion has been carefully embroidered on our cotton-covered pillow. Subtle yet pretty shades of blue, yellow and green sit on a natural background; blue cording adds a nice finishing touch. It has a plump poly insert for long-lasting support.
Invite the light, lovely colors and intricate design of our soft, cotton pillow to liven up your living space. Nestled in among your decorative pillows, it adds a bit of global personality to your sofa or favorite chair.
Boho-hic has never looked so refined. Traditional embroidery highlights the front of our soft, plump pillow. Its stylized floral design will look beautiful on your bed, reading chair or sofa.
Bright, boho and elegant all at once, our paisley pillow is a welcome addition to any space. Toss it on the sofa to add instant intrigue to your living room, or pile it on your bed to make your sleep space more comfortable and colorful.
If you're in need of a little adoration, you’ll be drawn to our elegant pillow. Detailed needlework offers a soft, romantic take on lace embroidery.
Intricate needlework, beautiful beading and a classic global medallion give our pillow true star quality. You'll love how it stands out when mixed with the rest of your decor. Plumped with soft poly filling, so this pillow is ready to brighten your space.
Suzani is a type of embroidered and decorative tribal textile made for centuries in Central Asia. Our richly patterned cotton suzani pillow is embellished with striking shades of blue and includes a hidden zipper for easy cover removal and cleaning.
Beautifully beaded, our embroidered pillow features a traditional medallion design on a white cotton front, with a cotton/linen blend on the reverse. It also has a zipper closure offering easy access to a soft, shapely poly insert that keeps things comfortable.
Characterized by fanciful plant and animal motifs, Jacobean embroidery first became popular in 17th century England. Our cotton-covered pillow comes alive thanks to the characteristic botanical design in shades of rose and green atop a natural background.
Traditional yet contemporary, subtle yet striking, our pillow has a little bit of everything. The gently heathered woven exterior is surrounded by a crisp, embroidered border. Plus, a hidden zipper offers easy access to a soft, shapely poly insert that will keep things comfortable.
The bold birds on our embroidered pillow evoke a sense of romance that both brightens your space and makes it even more inviting. It’s a look you can definitely fall in love with.
Add a breath of fresh air to your decor with our pillow that brings the deep blue of morning skies into your room. Elegantly embroidered with a fleur-de-lis motif, it can create a focal point on your sofa or beautifully complement an existing grouping.
How does your garden grow? With tassels and dazzle and pretty embroidered flowers all in a row. Our hand-embroidered pillow with golden accents is a standout on its own or when you add it to your own tumble of pillows. A lofty, soft poly fiberfill insert behind a hidden zipper keeps things comfy.
An embroidered medallion pattern adds pizzazz to our smooth, cotton-covered pillow. A lovely accent for your sofa, chair or bedroom, it has a soft, supportive poly insert for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort.
Whether you’re a frequent guest at Turkey’s exotic grand bazaars or simply an admirer, we’ve got just the accessory for you. Our vibrant throw pillow is crafted with an ultra-soft cotton blend in shades of rust, ruby and bronze. A prized find, indeed.
Looking for a pretty companion for your sofa or chair? Our elegant woven pillow should do the trick. In a contrasting palette, it’s a colorful addition to your furniture and a comfy companion for you, too.
From our garden to yours. Our cheerful lumbar pillow is crafted by hand with a cotton/linen-blend shell and vibrant, honey-hued floral embroidery. Complete with plum poly fiberfill inside the concealed zipper closure.
Who said the bright colors and vivid patterns of Mexican tiles have to be limited to walls? No one. Our pillow is brilliantly embroidered on a cotton cover, edged with blue, and has a plump, durable poly insert behind a hidden zipper to keep its shape for years to come.
Be inspired to create a new natural arrangement. Go for arboreal themes—see the forest and the trees. Embroidered leaves embellish our cotton-covered pillow that features a hidden zipper and a durable poly insert for long-lasting comfort.
Our oversized Capri pillow is double the treasure. On one side, an eye-catching, kaleidoscopic tile design. On the reverse, a simple stripe pattern. Inside, plump, durable poly fiberfill. All crafted exclusively for Pier 1.
Characterized by fanciful plant motifs, Jacobean embroidery first became popular in 17th century England. One look at our oversized lumbar pillow, with its botanical design in shades of red, green and gold atop a natural background, and it’s easy to see why the technique remains timeless.
Moroccan tiles stand out in beautiful, intricate style, and the eye-catching design of our plush pillow mimics those qualities, mixing them with the softness of cotton and plush polyester.
Covered in a pretty, cross-stitch design, our sweet pillow makes a nostalgic and unique addition to your favorite lounging spaces. Dress up an accent chair, mix the stitched design with powerful prints or marry it with a solid backdrop for eye-catching appeal.
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our Cool Velvet Stripe Pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of gray, blue, brown and green—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our Warm Velvet Stripe Pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of green, beige, orange and red—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
At Pier 1, we love to create fresh takes on timeless styles—and our pillow features two of them. Here, cozy chenille embroidery is dressed up with a Mediterranean-inspired tile design—with lofty poly fiberfill inside for timeless comfort.
Put the cherry on top of your perfectly designed decor with our soft Striped Pillow. Bright red stripes light up the natural backdrop and add a splash of excitement to all your favorite sitting spaces.
We’ve always thought stripes are nice in any setting, and our green Striped Pillow adds a little splash of a color and big dose of style to any space it occupies.
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our latest pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of gray, blue, brown and green—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our latest pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of green, beige, orange and red—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our latest pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of gray, blue, brown and green—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
Your sofa, chair or bed may have met its match with our latest pillow. The multicolor design incorporates varying shades of green, beige, orange and red—making it a beautiful accent piece for a wide range of furnishings and color schemes. See how easy peasy that can be?
When you feel like roughing it but don’t want to leave the sofa, let our striped pillow do the hard work. Its natural exterior with rugged blue stripes is supported by plump poly fiberfill behind a hidden zipper. You know this pillow will be with you for the long haul.
Looking to update your decor? One of the simplest ways to do it is by adding a few new pillows to the mix. Whether atop your sofa, chair or bed, our handcrafted rope-embellished pillow is a one-of-a-kind accent. Inside the concealed zipper is soft poly fiberfill to keep things comfortable.
Here's what happens when form meets beautiful function. Our hand-embroidered pillow features natural jute in a geometric pattern perfectly placed on a neutral, sand-colored background. Natural modern to coastal chic—it’s perfect in any setting.
Give a sofa, bed or chair the royal treatment with our embroidered navy pillow. The regal shades and lavish design will leave no doubt that you are indeed king or queen of your castle.
Our chic pillow marries two timeless trends: Natural materials and Deco-style lines. It’s crafted with a soft cotton exterior and embellished with honey-hued jute braiding—stylish in its own right but easy to pair with other solids and prints.
Our damask print lumbar pillow in gorgeous gradient blues will blend beautifully in a group on your sofa or set by itself in a favorite chair.  A supportive polyfill insert behind a hidden zipper gives our pillow a firm shape that’s ready for placement in any scene. Get ready for rave reviews.
Originating in the early Middle Ages, damasks have long been prized for their elegance and rich global character. Inspired thusly, our glamorous throw pillow is crafted using plush chenille fabric—perfect for adding a touch of drama to sofas, chairs and reading nooks.
We’ve used a traditional Indian weaving technique to create the cotton cover for our dhurrie pillow and finished it with an elaborate, scrolled embroidery frame. Make it your own and mix it with other pillows—in solids, stripes or patterns—on your sofa, chair or bed. A hidden zipper allows easy access to soft, supportive poly insert that promises long-lasting comfort.
Some stripes are always flattering. Like the soft, velvet stripes on both sides of our big, fluffy pillow. It makes a bold statement on its own, but it also complements cool-colored patterns and solids.
You needn't be a royal to enjoy the look of our gold and ivory velvet pillow. The ornate embroidered design will make you—and your sofa, bed or favorite chair—feel utterly regal.
Pure. Modern. Comfort. Our striking throw pillow is crafted from a plush cotton/linen fabric and silver zigzag embroidery. A hidden zipper conceals lofty, durable poly fiberfill that provides long-lasting shape and support.
There’s something uniquely mesmerizing about chevron. It moves the eye in many directions and, in this case, provides textural stimulation as well. Our oversized cotton-blend pillow makes a powerful statement on its own but also looks great paired with other Pier 1 pillows.
With its charming pastels and geometric patterns, our pillow adds an instant pop of color while speaking to your playful side. It's pretty as a standalone but plays well with others in a similar color family, too.
We’re into keeping ancient art forms fresh. Like the damask on our pillow—classic patterns are woven in white on a natural background. It’s a little burst of texture that can be mixed and matched with solids or prints. We think those ancient damask weavers would be proud.
We’re into keeping ancient art forms fresh. Like the damask on our pillow—classic patterns are woven in white on green. It’s a little burst of texture that can be mixed and matched with solids or prints. We think those ancient damask weavers would be proud.
At the corner of elegance and comfort, you'll find our classic pillow. Colorful needlework frames all four edges in a fresh, up-to-date take on crewel embroidery, while jute edging provides a natural counterpoint.
Embroidered tiles add a dimension of texture and individuality to our embroidered Portica pillow, and the varying shades of blue, in a dramatic ombre pattern, boost its versatility factor.
One of the most traditional and versatile patterns, stripes never go out of style. Our woven Portica pillow features rows of contrasting thickness that make a bold statement. It’s a classic—reinvented.
You needn't be a royal to enjoy the look of our gold and ivory velvet pillow. The ornate embroidered design will make you—and your sofa, bed or favorite chair—feel utterly regal.
Bring our traditional tartan home for the holidays and keep it out all year round. Soft, plush and accented with a satin ribbon trim. Our 100% cotton red plaid pillow is a simple, classic style that offers endless decorating possibilities.
The true beauty of this clever design is that no matter which direction you take your decor, it fits in perfectly. From ultra-modern lofts to cozy family rooms, our embroidered pillow earns its stylish stripes in shades of blue balanced with neutrals. It will look both chic and right at home anywhere.
Embroidered tiles add a dimension of texture and individuality to our lumbar pillow, and the varying shades of blue boost its versatility factor. Plus, a hidden zipper offers easy access to the soft, shapely poly insert.
A pumpkin-colored background is a perfect shade to highlight the beauty of our leaf collage. Just glancing at it brings up memories of spiced cider, playing in piles of leaves and cozy evenings by the fire.
Long live the orange and gold! Our dazzling, geometric-patterned pillow is meticulously crafted to give your space the royal treatment. Plus, a hidden zipper provides easy access to the soft, shapely poly insert.
This glamorous design is the gold standard of pillows. Instantly increase the value of your home by adding this gorgeous metallic beaded number. You’ll definitely appreciate the interest it generates.
When it comes to decorative pillows, we tend to believe you should go big or go home, as they say. That’s the inspiration behind this stunning throw pillow, which is crafted exclusively for Pier 1 with thousands of hand-placed champagne-hued beads covering the front. It shimmers from every angle—making a dazzling impression no matter where you place it.
Get ready to pop some corls because our little pillow has celebration written all over it. Well, not literally. But it is handcrafted with thousands of shimmery golden beads, plus a hidden zipper that keeps all the attention where it belongs: On your fabulous sense of style. Cheers to that.
Get ready to pop some corks, because our little pillow has celebration written all over it. Well, not literally. But it is handcrafted with thousands of shimmery silver beads, plus a hidden zipper that keeps all the attention where it belongs: On your fabulous sense of style. Cheers to that.
Whether you’re a card-carrying member of the glitterati or taking baby steps into the world of sparkle, this pillow is for you. The ivory cotton cover features sophisticated piping and a shimmery geometric pattern from edge to edge that's destined to make any sofa or chair into a bona fide superstar.
When is a pillow more than just a pillow? When it’s crafted meticulously by hand with thousands of gold and silver beads, it’s more like an art piece. And ours, like the peacock feathers that inspired it, has earned its right to show off a little.
Whether you’re a card-carrying member of the glitterati or taking baby steps into the world of sparkle, this pillow is for you. The ivory cotton shell features sophisticated piping and a shimmery geometric pattern from edge to edge that's destined to make any couch or chair into a bona fide superstar.
At home in modern or glam regency settings, our pillow is just a little indulgent. Well, maybe more than just a little. Hundreds of shimmering beads, in shades of Tahitian pearls, have been individually hand-sewn on a poly satin cover for a rich, unique look. Finished and ready for your home, a shaped insert is tucked inside a concealed zipper closure.
Indulge a little. Or a lot. Our extravagant Portica pillow makes it easy. It's covered with hundreds of hand-sewn beads and sequins, giving each design a rich, one-of-a-kind look.
Trim your living room in luscious golden tones with the intricate beauty of our handcrafted pillow. The elegant, beaded design makes it an eye-catching accent piece to mix with bright prints and creamy neutrals.
Covered in small pieces of mother of pearl, our decorative pillow boasts a coastal elegance with a little bit of glam. The striking shells catch and reflect the light, bringing the infinite beauty of the beach right into your living space.
Esmeralda. The name literally means emerald. For many of us, the name connotes beauty. And our Esmeralda pillow is certainly pretty. The cotton cover is embroidered and embellished with sequins. It's comfortably plumped with polyester fill and looks stunning on your sofa, bed or chair.
Our dazzling pillow has a lot going for it. Shimmering beads, a geometric pattern and hidden zipper all combine for understated charm. And, of course, it’s filled with a soft, shapely poly insert to keep things comfortable.
For an instant regal statement our soft pillow offers a generous amount of traditional faux pearl accents set atop a verdant background. Traditional style meets classic good looks? Yes, please.
Our artisans have pulled inspiration from Mother Nature to create this lovely fern pillow. Adorned with sparkly sequins on a natural backdrop, it’s exquisitely beautiful.
Elegant yet playful, traditional yet right at home in a modern, well, home. Our Natural Beaded Jacobean Pillow is crafted with a soft cotton blend, topped with a silver and beige floral applique. A Pinterest worthy pillow for the couch? Yes please.
Made for comfort but designed to give your sofa a modern touch, our ikat pillow can stand out on its own or play beautifully with others.
There is no denying that our striking, beaded beauty is designed to cause quite the stir in your bedroom. Toss this in with your bedding collection and watch the drama unfold.
Soft velvet construction. Hand-sewn ivory beads atop a neutral backdrop. Romantic. Glamorous. What’s not to love?
Snowflake lovers, this one's for you. Intricately beaded in a wonderful wintery palette, our pillow is a glam companion to your sofa, chair or bed. And with its lofty, durable poly fill, comfort comes into play.
A brilliant medley of shimmering beads atop a background of crisp, white cotton gives our pillow its own special shine. A durable poly insert plumps up its profile for long-lasting comfort.
Beading and embroidery form a bold medallion pattern atop a crisp, white cotton cover for a glamorous effect. Plus, it’s filled with a soft, shapely poly insert to keep things comfortable. Fabulous.
The meandros, or “Greek fret,” design is one of the most recognizable motifs in Hellenic art and architecture. It’s considered a linear representation of infinity and unity, which makes it a great design element in your home as well. Start with our handcrafted pillow, which uses glamorous metallic beading to take the fret out of decorating your home.
Sofas deserve a little sparkle, too. Elegantly appointed with gleaming beadwork on a cotton cover, our tile-pattern pillow has a concealed zipper for easy access to the included poly insert.
In the case of our beaded pillow, diamonds are a sofa’s best friend. Handcrafted in an intricate design that will coordinate beautifully with your solid and other patterned pillows, it's finished with a hidden zipper. Yes, it's a true gem.
If romance and luxury were a pillow, it would look like this. Our soft velvet pillow, in a rich cerulean shade, has intricate hand beading. A hidden zipper offers easy access to a supportive poly insert for long-lasting comfort.
Vibrant, strong and ruggedly beautiful, sunflowers seem to just make you smile. And our intricately beaded and stitched pillow, blooming with bold sunflowers, will bring smiles to your sofa. A neutral backdrop lets these artful beauties pop.
Inspired by the exotic colors and patterns found in a Turkish market, our Grand Bazaar pillow is sure to become a treasured possession. It’s handcrafted by our artisans with vibrant shapes and a beaded border, complete with a hidden zipper and plump poly insert.
As far as pillows go, ours is about as lush as it gets. Thousands of small beads form a tropical cornucopia of pineapple, palm and hibiscus. All atop a handcrafted cotton/linen-blend pillow with a plump poly insert inside a hidden zipper.
Boost your vitamin C intake with our luscious pillow. Handcrafted with a soft, supportive poly insert and hidden zipper, it makes a tropical statement with intricately beaded lemons, limes and oranges. Zesty.
According to certain traditions, palms represent peace and plenty. Well, we think you’ll be at peace about your decision to bring our handcrafted palm pillow into your home. It features a soft cotton/linen blend and a golden, beaded tree silhouette. It's sure to bring plenty of style along with it.
Escape to a tropical paradise without leaving your sofa—or chair, or bed. Our nature-inspired throw pillow is crafted by hand with an intricately beaded leaf pattern, complete with a hidden zipper and plump poly insert.
This glamorous design is the gold standard of pillows. Instantly increase the value of your home by adding this gorgeous metallic beaded number. You’ll definitely appreciate the interest it generates.
Three words: French country style.  A hint of French script lightly graces the top of this cream-colored pillow followed by an embroidered butterfly and, for a more country feel, a large lavender stem. Ten seconds into resting your head on this Parisian escape and you’ll be saying “Ooh la la.”
Butterfly wings are one of nature’s most exquisite accessories. Atop faded cursive script, the gracefully woven wing of our pillow is designed to set your heart aflutter. Complete with a hidden zipper and soft, supportive poly insert to ensure long-lasting comfort.
Maybe fish have a special meaning to you. Maybe you just like fish. Or maybe you just like the looks of our pillow with its embroidered fish that's embellished with beading. Regardless of the why, you're going to be glad you caught this fish. With a naturally smooth cover and a soft, supportive poly insert, our exclusive pillow will look perfect on your sofa, chair or bed.
The bold birds on our embroidered pillow evoke a sense of romance that both brightens your space and makes it even more inviting. It’s a look you can definitely fall in love with.
Our peacock pillow has a lot to boast about. Ornate beading atop a cotton cover. A luxurious metallic color palette of gold and silver. Plus, it has a durable poly insert for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort.
With its intricately beaded feather, our pillow is a real head-turner. Its outstanding design will give your sofa or bed a little bit of elegant romance, and the durable poly insert will offer long-lasting comfort. Fine feather indeed.
Are you ready to spread your wings? Our oversized lumbar pillow is destined to be the next showpiece in your living room, with metallic embroidered butterflies adorning a cozy cotton exterior. A durable poly insert offers a plump profile and long-lasting comfort. Spring has arrived.
Butterflies have been depicted in art for thousands of years and remain popular today. We love their lightness, freedom and beauty. Our oversized, cotton/linen-blend pillow, plumped with a soft poly insert, displays delicate, flocked butterflies randomly flitting about. Mix with solids or stripes to create a look that’s all your own.
High tide meets high style. Our embellished pillow brings the beauty of the natural world inside with raised embroidery that emulates coral. Perfect alone, or create your own reef in any room with a few of these treasures.
What flight of fancy is this? Add a bit of glam to your sofa, chair or bed with golden dragonflies fluttering across a velvet background. Inside the concealed zipper is a plump poly insert to keep things comfortable.
Say hello to summer with lighter, brighter decorative accents from our Coastal Blues Collection. This crisp white pillow showcases one shimmering tropical fish we’ve embroidered in shades of aqua and gray. A few well-placed paillettes, plus thick corded trim, provide the perfect finishing touch.
Say hello to summer with lighter, brighter decorative accents from our Coastal Blues Collection. This crisp white pillow showcases one shimmering tropical fish we’ve embroidered in shades of aqua and gray. A few well-placed paillettes, plus thick corded trim, provide the perfect finishing touch. Available in two sizes.
Looking to add something unexpected to your decor? Consider our navy velvet accent pillow embellished with a dramatic dragonfly rendered in gold foil. It’s sure to create a buzz.
Say hello to summer with lighter, brighter decorative accents from our Coastal Blues Collection. This crisp white pillow showcases one shimmering octopus we’ve embroidered in shades of aqua and gray. A few well-placed paillettes, plus thick, corded trim, provide the perfect finishing touch.
Decorated with a majestic peacock, our soft, cotton pillow with plush polyester filling is a beautiful addition to any sofa, chair or bed—but it’s not showing off or anything.
Bring a bit of the garden right into your living space with our pretty, beaded, dragonfly pillow. Perfect nestled among solid pillows or paired with prints, it a sweet addition to your favorite seats.
Three little birds sit on our pillow, bringing sweet style and charm to any sofa, bed or chair. Handcrafted, it has a naturally beautiful cotton/linen cover and is plumped with soft poly fiberfill.
Styled like a collectible stamp, our charming butterfly pillow features a unique design, with color, type and intricate embroidery.
How serene is this sweet sea turtle embroidered in French knots over a classic script background? Gradient coastal blues against an off-white background bordered with cerulean piping make it a lovely aquatic accent piece. A hidden zipper reveals a soft, supportive poly insert to ensure long-lasting comfort.
It’s just what you need for your next staycation. A decorative coral pattern is woven into a cotton cover that's and finished with a natural jute border. When you need a little beach indoors, snuggle down with our pillow.
Spread your style wings with our nature-inspired lumbar pillow. Crafted with a soft cotton exterior and tight red piping, it features an embroidered ombre wingspan. Plus, it’s filled with soft, plump poly fiberfill to keep things comfortable.
As some of the most intelligent invertebrates, octopuses are a smart and whimsical addition to your home decor. Our beaded one is quite enchanting, with eight long, shimmery legs that twirl across a white cotton pillow. Inside, a soft, supportive poly insert ensures long-lasting comfort.
Did you know a group of crabs is called a cast? For a touch of ocean-inspired whimsy, cast our cotton-covered pillow upon your favorite sofa or chair. Its plump, durable poly insert ensures long-lasting comfort while its beaded exterior ensures endless compliments.
Our handsome farm boy looks to be going places. Combining a touch of shabby chic with French country and some farmhouse fresh, our pillow will add a little down-home flavor to any comfy sofa, settee or bed. Now that’s something to crow about.
A rooster on a sheep on a cow? That’s something to write home about or just write about, period. Our Stacked Farm Animals Pillow features these barnyard pen pals on a neutral backdrop filled with prolific script. Bet there’s a tall tale behind this one.
Our pillow will be the best in show wherever it lands. Show your love for dogs by displaying our whimsical, subtly striped accent pillow featuring embroidered dogs of various breeds.
Like a primitive Colonial portrait, these two lamb buddies pose as a wonderful memory of a time gone by. Our pillow is ideal for anyone with a passion for the country and will be right at home on a sofa, chair or bench.
There may be some competition as to who’s the king of the roost with our cotton/linen rooster pillow with blanket stitching. Display him proudly in your kitchen, living room or den. Of course, we wouldn’t want to ruffle any feathers in the coop.
Hay! Have you herd? Our appliqued cow pillow takes the grand prize. With its rustic cotton cover, this big, beautiful bovine will be right at home on any comfy sofa, loveseat or chair. It's udderly irresistible.
Sporting a fluffy, looped yarn coat and pick-stitching on a cotton/linen cover, this is one little lamb that will be right at home in any room in your house.
Our winged wonder is in a nesting phase, looking for a place to call home. Intricately beaded atop a neutral background, it's a wise choice for placing atop your sofa, chair or bed.
Birds of a feather flock together on our fall-inspired pillow. Highlighted by elegant embroidery and decorative trim, it features the warm hues of the season that we’ve come to love.
You can practically hear the birds chirping. Intricate embroidery and a plethora of florals in vibrant colors combine to create a pillow that is as charming as it is comfortable. Plus, it gives your chair or sofa something pretty to cozy up to.
When it comes to pillows, we like to think of ourselves as pioneers. Case in point: Our horse pillow features a furry mane that gives it added dimension and is perfect for a modern farmhouse.
Isn’t she lovely? Adorned with fantastical florals, the deer on our embroidered pillow is quite the fashionista. A medley of vibrant hues makes it simple to incorporate this pretty accent into your existing decor. Place it on a sofa, chair or bed for a colorful—and comfortable—display.
When it comes to pillows, we like to think of ourselves as pioneers. Case in point: Our bull pillow features a furry mane that gives it added dimension and is perfect for a modern farmhouse.
Naturalism meets fantasy on our pretty pillow. Invite the great outdoors home with intricate embroidery in a pretty palette that creates a brilliant display of flora and fauna.
Embroidered and beaded by hand, our ivory-hued pillow is all dressed up with a fantastical take on nature. A flourish of flora and fauna welcomes your love of the great outdoors in.
Those are some fancy feathers—a stylized, beaded and embroidered bird sits proudly on a twig of fresh blossoms. With its natural background of subtle script messages, our pillow is understated enough to blend easily yet colorful enough to stand out. It has a smooth cotton cover, cord trim and a hidden zipper that offers easy access to the included poly insert.
Go coastal. This glittering hand-beaded accent pillow showcases the iconic starfish (which is not really a fish at all, but a relative of the sand dollar). Embroidered on soft, sand-colored cotton with white rickrack trim, it's perfect for home or beach house.
Go coastal. This elegant hand-embroidered accent pillow was inspired by vintage imagery of ocean coral. Stitched onto soft spun cotton with contrasting aqua dupioni piping and backing, it's perfect for home or beach house, sofa or bed.
With his long legs, sinuous neck and wide, blue-tipped wings, the stately great blue heron on our coastal-inspired pillow will help your decor take flight. He stands tall and statuesque, embroidered exquisitely over a natural, linen-blend background. Mossy-green piping frames the pillow, with a hidden zipper in the back.
Coastal style gets all dressed up for a holiday beach house—or for anyone dreaming of a holiday beach house. Hundreds of beads have been sewn to the front of our pillow, creating a shimmering background for three sequined starfish. Shaped with lofty poly fill, this pillow is all ready to show off and enjoy.
Cute, colorful birds are embroidered on a woven cotton front that's framed with contrasting pompom edging and backed by crisp, fresh cotton/linen. Could this groovy pillow be the next addition to your nest?
These stunning peacock feathers are crafted of appliqued color and intricate beading on a woven cotton cover. The result is a one-of-a-kind pillow with couture details, including contrasting piped edging, a concealed zipper and durable poly fill for comfort. All in all, a design worth showing off.
Our pillow is the epitome of glamour. Both visually and texturally interesting, it features a luxurious faux velvet exterior, sophisticated teal piping and a shimmery hand-beaded peacock. It's destined to be the pride of any sofa or chair.
While most owls tend to stay hidden in the night, ours is meant to be noticed. In fact, with its cozy cotton exterior and shimmering, hand-placed beads, it’s meant to be the center of attention. What a hoot.
Our global-inspired, cheetah-print chenille pillow will add the right kind of drama to your sofa, chair or bed. Plumped with comfortable poly fill, it will be the pillow you reach for—during calm and exciting times.
Just like natural specimens carefully collected for exhibition, these glorious feathers are rare finds. Embroidered and embellished in alluring shades from teal to taupe, this trio creates a collector’s item you’ll want to not only display, but also put to use.
Finding a pillow that’s a true conversation piece is a tall order, but we feel our artisans have accomplished that feat beautifully. These handcrafted pillows vary slightly, making each unique. It’s the height of functional art.
Hunting for a pillow that offers comfort, style and a global touch? Your choice is black and white. After all, our eye-catching zebra pillow is handcrafted and has a soft poly insert.
Think our giraffe-inspired pillow is too wild for your taste? We say think again. Whether placed on a neutral leather sofa or a hot pink chair, our handcrafted  addition is sure to make your room come to life.
Think our zebra-inspired pillow is too wild for your taste? We say think again. Whether placed on a neutral leather sofa or a hot pink chair, our handcrafted  addition is sure to make your room come to life.
Tap into your wild side with our safari-inspired pillow. Sporting a vintage look, dignified elephant and ivory-hued field, it makes a fun accent on your sofa or office armchair.
Tap into your wild side with our safari-inspired pillow. Sporting a vintage look, striped zebra and ivory-hued field, it makes a fun accent on your sofa or office armchair.
As if its antlers weren’t enough of a fashion accessory, our stag comes dressed to impress in a military-inspired uniform. Its dignified presence pairs perfectly with your den sofa or man cave armchair. Woven and bordered with golden piping, it's filled with a comfy poly insert.
With its plaid background and golden reindeer, our latest holiday pillow might best be described as traditional glam. Or just plain beautiful. Plus, a hidden zipper offers easy access to the soft, shapely poly insert.
What’s more fun than pheasants? Our pheasant pillow, of course. Regally residing over a soft, cotton/linen shell, it makes a lovely and comfy addition to your pillow collection.
Celebrate the fun that autumn brings with our playful scarecrow pillow. Everyone from children to those young at heart will chuckle at this whimsical salute to the season.
Ooh la la. Our picturesque pillow boasts French script, beading and a sophisticated pattern woven of cotton. And it's finished with a hidden zipper that offers easy access to the included poly insert. You’ll amour it.
Our inspired pillow serves as a great reminder of how to live life to its fullest. Don’t hold anything back. It’s practically permission to get a third scoop of ice cream. Give it to someone special—like yourself.
With a charming declaration, our plush pillow greets you every day, letting you know that you are home sweet home. Here, life is golden.
Do you have someone special in your life? Say it with flowers—and an embroidered message. Our pretty pillow is a sweet reminder that they have a special place in your heart.
After a day at work or when you’ve been away on vacation, there is that moment when you return home that reminds you how sweet it is.
As soon as you step through the door and see ourembroidered pillow, you’ll be reminded that you’ve arrived at last—home sweet home.
Some folks take their fireworks display outdoors; others display them brilliantly on their sofa. Show some patriotic love with our red, white and blue handcrafted pillow. Embroidered bursts are highlighted with metallic details. Plus, a concealed zipper offers easy access to the shapely poly insert.
If you’re looking for a way to incorporate a bit of red, white and blue spirit into your patriotic holidays, our heart pillow is a quick and easy solution. Handcrafted with beautiful beading on a natural cotton cover, it’s sure to give you much enjoyment even beyond the holidays.
If you’re looking for a way to incorporate a bit of red, white and blue spirit into your patriotic holidays, our chevron pillow is a quick and easy solution. Handcrafted with beautiful beading, it’s sure to give you much enjoyment even beyond the holidays.
We love ruffles, and we know you do, too. Our ruffled pillow is handcrafted with a sweet simplicity and features a lovely heart design. With a neutral tone and casual design, it makes a charming addition to any bed, sofa or accent chair.
Some people wear their heart on their sleeve, others on their sofa. Or chair. Or bed. Show some love to your favorite furniture with our sweet mini pillow, crafted with a cascading ombre pattern of pink knots and a hidden zipper. We’re in love.
We don’t normally kiss and tell, but this is too good to keep to ourselves. Our flirty little pillow is destined to make a statement, with a foiled metallic kiss and a durable poly insert for long-lasting shape and support.
No need to wear your heart on your sleeve when you have such a lovely alternative for your sofa. Our heart is beautifully embroidered with floral flourishes set within a cascading ombre pattern. Love never looked so good.
Some people wear their heart on their sleeve, others on their sofa. Or chair. Or bed. Show some love to your favorite furniture with our sweet mini pillow, crafted with a cascading ombre pattern of blue knots and a hidden zipper. We’re in love.
Some people wear their heart on their sleeve, others on their sofa. Or chair. Or bed. Show some love to your favorite furniture with our sweet mini pillow, crafted with a cascading ombre pattern of natural-color knots and a hidden zipper. We’re in love.
We don’t normally kiss and tell, but this is too good to keep to ourselves. Our flirty little pillow is destined to make a statement, with a foiled metallic kiss and a durable poly insert for long-lasting shape and support.
Why wear your heart on your sleeve when you can display it from the comfort of your sofa? Our charming little pillow is crafted with delicate ivory beading that resembles a heart made up of leaves and flowers. What’s not to love?
Who said owls aren’t lovebirds? Perched on a branch with heart-shaped blossoms, our feathered couple is the perfect gift for wedding showers and anniversaries. Its handcrafted, cotton/linen-blend cover, beautiful fringe and concealed zipper make it a cute pillow for your own nest, too.
You’ve got a heart of gold. At least you will with our handcrafted pillow. Tiny golden hearts are embroidered on an ivory field with durable poly fiberfill for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort. Love it!
You might think we hiked to the far reaches of Mongolia, where only nomads dare to roam, in search of the world’s softest fur for our pillows. Actually, go ahead and think that. No need to be distracted by the fact that this incredibly soft, fluffy material is strictly of the faux variety.
Super-fluffy and fun-furry, the front of this oh-so-soft pillow instantly invites you to get comfortable. And on the reverse? A velvety, plush finish. Either way, it's a cool addition to your sofa or bed.
Super-fluffy and fun-furry, our oh-so-cushy pillow invites you to sink into an ocean of softness. It's a cool addition that's sized just right for your favorite chair.
Super-fluffy and fun-furry, our oh-so-cushy pillow invites you to sink into an ocean of softness. It's a cool addition that's sized just right for a chair or settee.
Super-fluffy and fun-furry, our oh-so-cushy pillow invites you to sink into an ocean of softness. It's a cool addition that's sized just right for your favorite chair.
Snuggle up with our soft, soothing pillow and kick back on the couch. More relaxing than a day at the beach, this sand-color fuzzy pillow brings the good life home to you.
Our snow leopard pillow is both friend and faux in cold weather. Friend of all who love felines and faux, thanks to its super-soft, warm polyester fur.
You might think we hiked to the far reaches of Mongolia, where only nomads dare to roam, in search of the world’s softest fur for our pillows. Actually, go ahead and think that. No need to be distracted by the fact that this incredibly soft, fluffy material is strictly of the faux variety.
Get ready to chill with our faux fur pillow. Its deep, soft plushness will make you want to hibernate all season long.
Snuggle up with our faux chinchilla pillow and you’ll never want to get back up. It’s understandable. After all, it’s deeply plush and soft. We understand, but it probably won’t fly as an excuse when you call in to work or school to say you won’t be coming in.
You might think we hiked to the far reaches of Mongolia, where only nomads dare to roam, in search of the world’s softest fur for our pillows. Actually, go ahead and think that. No need to be distracted by the fact that this incredibly soft, fluffy material is strictly of the faux variety.
We did our best to find the world's softest wool for our pillows, and we know you'll love what we found. These incredibly fluffy pillows are so great to snuggle up with. Ahhh. Enjoy.
With its ultra-plush, shaggy exterior and light-hearted neutral hue, this pillow is totally groovy, baby. It’s a cool addition to your bed or sofa.
Snuggle up with our soft, soothing pillow and kick back on the couch. More relaxing than a day at the beach, this sand-color fuzzy pillow brings the good life home to you.
Ever wondered what it would feel like to hug a cloud? Well, wonder no more, because it would feel just like hugging this pillow. Soft, luxurious and happy. What more could you want from a pillow? Or a hug, for that matter?
Fuzzy and full of style, our cozy pillow is constructed of soft polyester. The furry texture and neutral tone make a comfy addition to a sofa, bed, chair or anywhere that needs an extra bit of snuggle.
Our snuggly Sherpa pillow makes lounging stylish with its simple, sophisticated design and comfy, cozy, polyester construction.
You might think we hiked to the far reaches of Mongolia, where only nomads dare to roam, in search of the world’s softest fur for our pillows. Actually, go ahead and think that. No need to be distracted by the fact that this incredibly soft, fluffy material is strictly of the faux variety.
They say a leopard can’t change its spots. And even though this is faux leopard, we have no idea why you’d want to change a thing. Our pillow is so soft and plush, you’ll want to purr.
You might think we hiked to the far reaches of Mongolia, where only nomads dare to roam, in search of the world’s softest fur for our pillows. Actually, go ahead and think that. No need to be distracted by the fact that this incredibly soft, fluffy material is strictly of the faux variety.
Our heart pillow gives us the warm fuzzies. We’re sure you’ll love it, too. It’s the perfect companion for your chair or sofa, with soft, supportive poly fill for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort. XOXO
Like a freshly made snowball, our shimmery, round pillow will melt your heart. It makes an excellent addition to your seasonal decor, but its simple design is really perfect any time of year.
All the softness. All the luxury. None of the guilt. Our faux fur pillow is plush enough to fool the experts. Only the affordability gives it away.
Decide to go wild and add some animal magnetism to your living environment with our fuzzy, fur-inspired pillow. You'd be hard-pressed to find a pillow that's made of plusher stuff.
Cuddle up with our faux fur pillow and enjoy the day. Soft and plush, it soothes, comforts and is the perfect accessory for an afternoon nap. A hidden zipper offers easy access to the plump poly insert. And the pompom trim? Well, that’s there to make you smile. Worked, didn’t it?
Luxuriously soft. Richly embellished. Affordably extravagant. Surprisingly mixable. Our faux fur lumbar pillow has it all. Cuddle up with it for a nap, or mingle it with other textured or patterned pillows on your sofa. Oh, and did we mention it’s fun—really fun—nothing faux about the fun.
Luxuriously soft. Richly embellished. Affordably extravagant. Surprisingly mixable. Our faux fur lumbar pillow has it all. Cuddle up with it for a nap or mingle it with other textured and patterned pillows on your sofa. Oh, and did we mention it’s fun—really fun—nothing faux about the fun.
Cuddle up with our faux fur pillow and enjoy the day. Soft and plush, it soothes, comforts and is the perfect accessory for an afternoon nap. A hidden zipper offers easy access to the plump poly insert. And the pompom trim? Well, that’s there to make you smile. Worked, didn’t it?
And best costume goes to—aww, they're all winners in our book. All dressed up as their favorite characters, the pooch parade atop our comfy pillow is just too doggone cute to resist. Happy Howl-o-ween!
Fall’s favorite fruit goes front and center on your sofa or loveseat this autumn. Popping off a burnt orange background, our burlap pumpkin and festive message capture the look and feel of the season. Also helping? Its shaped poly insert inside a concealed zipper.
When it comes to our pillow, there’s so much to be thankful for—intricate beading, its goes-with-anything neutral tone and a hidden zipper. Plus, a soft, supportive poly insert providing incredible comfort for seasons to come.
Sometimes cobwebs and spiders are actually a welcome sight in your home. For instance, when they adorn a festive Halloween pillow complete with plump poly fiberfill for long-lasting shape and support. And especially when the price is itsy-bitsy like this.
Spiders, cobwebs and fun Halloween words mingle together to create our eye-catching pillow. It's crafted with a jute/cotton-blend cover and durable poly fiberfill for a plump profile and long-lasting comfort. What a treat!
When it comes to Halloween, we’re all about spooking up every nook and cranny in the house. That’s where our miniature pillow comes in. It features elegant, scrolling embroidery to add a touch of spooky glam to your room.
As far as style goes, our latest harvest pillow is at the top of the crop. Featuring a trio of patterned pumpkins woven in cool neutral hues, plump poly insert and hidden zipper, it's comfy, refined and ripe for the picking.
A Thanksgiving classic, our warm-hued turkey pillow features intricate embroidery, bright red piping and plump poly fiberfill. Sometimes, traditions can be so comforting.
Our classic pumpkin duo looks like they've been freshly picked. Beaded and embroidered in beautiful fall colors, it will be the perfect pick for your sofa, chair or bed all season long. And for long-lasting comfort, it has a plump poly insert inside its hidden zipper.
Featuring our favorite fall words and elements, our pillow will keep you comfortable all autumn long. Its plump, durable construction and bright orange piping, however, may leave you at a loss for words.
We think it’s fitting that sunflowers symbolize adoration and longevity, especially since you can enjoy them on our pillow for years to come in a palette that’s at once bright, spicy and fresh. And for long-lasting comfort, it as a plump poly insert inside a hidden zipper.
Talk about gorgeous fall color. Our pumpkin pillow features the hand-worked look of intricate needlework, with mixed yarns against a background of soft, woven cotton, plus a hidden zipper.
Family, friends and cooler weather—there are so many reasons to give thanks. Here’s another addition to that list: A woven, harvest-inspired pillow complete with a shapely poly insert inside a concealed zipper.
Our ghost of a pillow is more funny than scary. Boasting attached arms, an appliqued face and an embroidered crooked smile, it has a velvet-like cover and poly fiberfill. It will bring Halloween fun to a chair, sofa or bed. It would make a great snuggle-buddy, too.
We’re pretty sure this trio of friendly jack-o’-lanterns and their comrade bat hail from south of the Mason-Dixon Line. Our fun lumbar pillow has velvet-like fabric, is decorated with bright embroidery and appliques and has poly fiberfill. It will bring Halloween fun to a chair, sofa or bed. It would make a great snuggle-buddy, too.
Funny, our pillow doesn’t look very evil. Instead, with it’s appliqued label and tipped witch’s hat, it looks more like a Halloween snuggle-buddy. It has a soft, cotton cover with a plump, poly insert and will be ready to cuddle when you toss it on a chair, sofa or bed.
Let your guests know they’re in for a little Halloween magic with our delightfully bewitching pillow. It features a stocking-legged, pointy-toed witch who was so eager to make an appearance at your party that she fell head over heels.
It’s hard to be afraid of our bat pillow. Its expression indicates it may have run into something on its last flight. Appliqued and embroidered, it has a black velvet-like cover and poly fiberfill. Toss it on a chair, sofa or bed. Just don’t throw it too hard—it’s already confused enough.
A little bit retro, a whole lot of fun: Our Day of the Dead decorative pillow has gone mod for Halloween. Brightly colored, embroidered flowers create a skull on a black velvet-like background. Plumped with poly fiberfill and trimmed with hot pink piping, it will add a bit of Halloween fun to a chair, sofa or bed.
Our jack-o’-lantern pillow doesn’t light up, but it is ready for Halloween. With an attached stem and an appliqued smiling face, it has a velvet-like cover and poly fiberfill. It will bring Halloween fun to a chair, sofa or bed. It would make a great snuggle-buddy, too.
We love the juxtaposition of the neutral-colored, textured boucle with the intricate golden, pearl-look and silver-tone beading on our pumpkin pillow. Natural cotton with self-welting covers a soft, supportive poly insert to ensure long-lasting comfort. Although it features one of Halloween’s most popular motifs, this classy pillow can dress up a chair, sofa or bed all autumn long.
Separating the wheat from the chaff is a fine idea unless you’re talking about our fall-inspired accent pillow. Here, the whole is definitely better than the parts. Sewn atop an ivory cotton background, the 3-D wheat motif is intricately detailed thanks to hand beading in shades of gold. The only separating you’ll feel inclined to initiate is removing it from our store (or shipping box) before displaying it in your home or office.
A little bit retro, a whole lot of fun: Our Day of the Dead decorative pillow has gone mod for Halloween. Allover beading displays three skulls; crewel embroidered flowers add texture. Plumped with a poly insert and trimmed with hot pink piping, it will add spooky enthusiasm to a chair, sofa or bed.
Our pumpkin patch design is embellished with appliqued shapes, bright embroidery and hand-sewn beading, all set on a woven cotton cover with contrasting flange edges. Think of it as a harvest festival in comfortable pillow form.
A natural cutie pie, our pumpkin pillow is covered in classic crewel embroidery with gold-tone beaded accents on a woven cotton cover. It's the perfect fall accent for your sofa or chair.
The traditional harvest symbol of good luck, a white pumpkin is the star of our handcrafted pillow. The woven linen-blend cover is embroidered with mixed yarns for soft shades of color.
Our handsome plaid pillow reminds us to remember our blessings. Its cotton cover is embellished with heavy embroidery and coordinating piping. The gray shades will blend with your other fall decor—neutral and colorful. The hidden zipper offers easy access to the plump poly insert.
A pumpkin full of flowers? That’s right, and it makes sense for our lovely fall-themed pillow. Crewel embroidered flowers in reds, yellows, greens and browns create a pumpkin that’s a surprising alternative to the usual orange gourd. Colors really pop against the natural cotton cover. It's plumped with polyester fill.
Sugar skulls, or calaveras, have become iconic Day of the Dead decorations. Embroidered atop our cotton-covered pillow, this happy couple welcomes visiting spirits and is sure to help you create a welcome home.
When it comes to Halloween, we’re all about charming up every nook and cranny in the house. That’s where our happy jack-o'-lantern pillow comes in. Inside? It's filled with a shapely poly insert to keep you comfy. Outside? A soft, woven exterior features a toothy grin.
The splits are hard, but our extra-limber draft stopper makes it look easy while putting the kibosh on a chilly window or door. Practical matters aside, this stuffed and embellished scarecrow makes a fun fall statement, which is cool (even though you’ll be all warm and toasty inside).
Our pumpkin-shaped pillow is all about eas3. No trip to the nursery or lugging the real deal up the stairs or into the house. Here, we have the perfect rotund shape, plus a cluster of green leaves and a substantial stem. Just plop this decorative pouf in a chair or atop a table, and your harvest inspiration is set to make a festive presentation.
Our pumpkin-shaped pillow is all about ease. No trip to the nursery or lugging the real deal up the stairs or into the house. Here, we have the perfect rotund shape in a novel floral pattern, topped off with a  cluster of green leaves and a substantial stem. Just plop this decorative pouf in a chair or atop a table, and your harvest inspiration is set to make a festive presentation.
The splits are hard, but our extra limber draft stopper makes it look easy while putting the kibosh on a chilly window or door. Practical matters aside, this stuffed and embellished turkey makes a fun fall statement, which is cool (even though you’ll be all warm and toasty inside).
What does the fox say? In the case of this autumn-inspired decorative pillow, the answer is “Happy Harvest.” Embroidered and appliqued in the fall's vibrant colors atop an ivory background, this adaptable fellow is looking to plop down on a sofa, chair or bed and keep things cozy until winter arrives.
Our mini pumpkin patch pillow is embellished with appliqued shapes and bright embroidery, set on a subtly printed cover and plumped with poly fiberfill. Think of it as a harvest festival in miniature pillow form.
Though its name suggests otherwise, the Day of the Dead is actually a celebration of life. One of its most recognizable symbols—the calavera—is a colorful skeleton used to welcome visiting spirits and honor their memories. Join the celebration with our embroidered skull pillow, which is perfect for bringing your living room furniture to life.
Gratitude is the best attitude, and our harvest-inspired pillow spreads the message beautifully. The cheerful caption and embroidered seasonal trim just may encourage you to give one to a family member or friend.
It's time to talk turkey—a hand-sewn turkey, that is, dressed up for Thanksgiving with fabric appliques, metallic beads, paillettes and sequins. He's made to show off year after year. Which is lucky for him, and you.
In the sparkling pumpkin competition, Cinderella's carriage takes a surprising second place. The winner, clearly, is our rich, hand-beaded design, in shimmering whites and golds on a natural cotton background. The best part? It retains its beauty well past midnight.
Go coastal this fall with a pillow that combines the best of the season with the seaside. Awash in creamy color, our embroidered pillow is an elegant addition to your sofa or chair—putting autumn front and center.
Resting on a sofa, chair or bed, our harvest-inspired lumbar pillow is ready to play a supporting role in decorating your home for fall. Filled with a plump poly insert, it is embroidered and beaded entirely by hand with a pumpkin motif that is richly interpreted in autumn's favored shades.
Pet me if you dare. Yes, our kitty is meant to scare. Hand appliqued atop an orange cotton pillow, he’s designed to inspire fright on behalf of Halloween night.
A colorful reminder of autumn's simple pleasures, our brilliant pillow adds harvest charm to any room. It's plumped with a poly insert and has a hidden zipper.
Capture the message of the harvest season with our simple, elegant pillow. In fact, this sentiment will be just as beautiful displayed all year long.
Sooner or later, it had to happen—some things simply must be spelled out in big, beautiful letters. And they should create a majorly fantastic impression. That's how we feel about your favorite initial—it deserves its own pillow. And here it is. Enjoy.
Sooner or later, it had to happen—some things simply must be spelled out in big, beautiful letters. And they should create a majorly fantastic impression. Our partner pillows make great gifts for newlyweds—or anyone who simply doesn't want to share such a fabulous pillow. Enjoy.
If you're in need of a little adoration, you’ll be drawn to our elegant pillow. Detailed needlework offers a soft, romantic take on lace embroidery. Such prettiness doesn't need to be kept inside—it's UV-resistant so you can share the elegance with your patio.
Outdoor pillows that feel like indoor. Fine-woven with bits of white nubbing throughout, our Draper Collection has the pattern and texture of luxury upholstery and is UV-protected to prevent fading. Foam padding makes for exceptional comfort, too. For those who enjoy the finer things in life, indoors and out.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold, frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the sleek color and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing in no time flat.
Forget paprika. This is soon going to become your favorite way to spice things up. This super-soft pillow is trimmed with a stylish fringe and delivers a delicious pop of bold color. Since it’s UV-protected, it can be added liberally both indoors and out.
You don’t need a green thumb to grow a verdant look in your space. You just need a few of these incredibly soft indoor/outdoor pillows with handsome self-welting and a stylish fringe. And since it’s made with weather-resistant fabric, it will thrive pretty much anywhere.
As warmly inviting as a ray of sunshine and as soft as a gentle breeze, this honey of a pillow is one sweet find. It's trimmed with a stylish fringe, and you can add it anywhere you like, indoors or out, because its self-welted fabric is weather-resistant. How tasteful!
Pure, simple style indoors and out—that’s all this fringed pillow is trying to say. Its self-welted design is UV-protected and mildew-resistant, so its modern, clean lines stay that way.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our indoor/outdoor self-welt pillow comes in a variety of shades, is extra-supportive, trimmed with a stylish fringe and covered with a weather-resistant fabric that's, yes, exceptionally soft. Take our word for it.
As soft as the waves lapping the shores of Hawaii, this fringed pillow invites you to relax and let your cares float away. And you really don’t have to worry about this little beauty, because it’s made from weather-resistant fabric, so it will make a splash both outdoors and in.
Our incredibly soft, plush, indoor/outdoor pillow is designed to accent a wide range of chairs and styles. It's trimmed in a stylish fringe and UV-protected so the color will last.
Named after a twill traditionally used in suits, our outdoor Serge pillow has a braided jute border to give your outdoor living area a tailored look. It’s subtle, classic and inviting to all.
Let Calliope inspire you to enjoy the great outdoors. The soft fabric features a brushed-textured finish that’s treated for UV protection, and the braided jute trim gives it a casual air. The plush stuffing entices you to take afternoon siestas. Or create a comfy spot to lounge around with friends, enjoying lively conversation with beverages in hand.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our indoor/outdoor self-welt pillow with jute trim comes in a variety of shades, is extra-supportive and covered with a weather-resistant fabric that's, yes, exceptionally soft. Take our word for it.
Three words: Soft, soft and soft. Our indoor/outdoor self-welt pillow comes in a variety of shades, is extra-supportive and covered with a weather-resistant fabric that's, yes, exceptionally soft. Take our word for it.
Comfort and style combine in this jute-trimmed pillow, an attractive addition to our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection. Soft to the touch with a lofty fill and weather-resistant fabric treated for colorfastness, it maintains its good looks for seasons to come.
Comfort and style combine in this jute-trimmed pillow, an attractive addition to our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection. Soft to the touch with a lofty fill and weather-resistant fabric treated for colorfastness, it maintains it’s good looks for seasons to come.
Comfort and style combine in this jute-trimmed pillow, an attractive addition to our indoor/outdoor Calliope Collection. Soft to the touch with a lofty fill and weather-resistant fabric treated for colorfastness, it maintains its good looks for seasons to come.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the fresh color and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing, in no time flat.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the soothing color and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing, in no time flat.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the cheerful colors and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing, in no time flat.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the soothing color and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing, in no time flat.
Consider the word "cabana." It conjures images of the pool, beach and cold or frothy drinks, right? Since most of us could use a little more of all that, toss a few of these aptly named pillows on your patio furniture—pronto. Chances are good the soothing color and plush stuffing will have you kicking back and relaxing in no time flat.
You just want to touch it, don’t you? We understand. You won’t be disappointed once you get your hands on these pretty, dimensional petals. And your outdoor furniture won’t be disappointed either, once it’s been adorned with this bright, stylish, weather-resistant pillow.
Our UV-treated Calliope pillows have long inspired you to enjoy the great outdoors. Here, we've updated the classic lumbar style to incorporate this two-tone look embellished with a row of coconut buttons. Same sueded texture. Same plush stuffing that might entice you to take an afternoon nap. Same ability to create a comfy spot to lounge with friends and enjoy lively conversation with beverages in hand.
Our UV-treated Calliope pillows have long inspired you to enjoy the great outdoors. Here, we've updated the classic lumbar style to incorporate this two-tone look embellished with a row of coconut buttons. Same sueded texture. Same plush stuffing that might entice you to take an afternoon nap. Same ability to create a comfy spot to lounge in with friends and enjoy lively conversation with beverages in hand.
You just want to touch it, don’t you? We understand. You won’t be disappointed once you get your hands on these pretty, dimensional petals. And your outdoor furniture won’t be disappointed either, once it’s been adorned with this stylish, weather-resistant pillow.
Featuring a rope embellishment set atop a turquoise background, our nautical-themed pillow will add leagues of personality to your current decor. Feel free to go overboard and get one in every color.
Featuring a rope embellishment set atop a cobalt background, our nautical-themed pillow will add leagues of personality to your current decor. Feel free to go overboard and get one in every color.
Sunny stripes make our outdoor lumbar pillow a bright addition to your patio or porch. With soft, polyester construction, it’s both a comfortable and colorful addition to your chairs, loungers and loveseats.
Seaside style gets an updated vibe in our embroidered pillow. It features a crab design on a net-patterned backdrop, making it a great addition to a beach house or living room sofa.
Lobsters are said to mate for life, and our embroidered pillow is so fun and stylish we’re sure you’ll fall in love forever. Add it to your seaside-inspired decor, or make it a surprising accent in any space, indoors or out.
Embroidered with an intricate ship design, our seaside-inspired pillow fits into any space from the patio to the guest bedroom. We know it’s sophisticated, beachy style will float your boat.
Thanks to their habit of blooming en masse, cloud-like cherry blossoms are considered an enduring metaphor for the ephemeral nature of life. So it’s only natural that this embroidered lumbar pillow will impart a sense of tranquility to your patio decor. And because it’s been treated for UV protection, it’s sure to last season after season.
Inject a punch a global flair into any setting with our embroidered pillow. With soft poly fiberfill and UV-resistant fabric, it will provide long-lasting comfort, indoors or out.
Covered with vibrant gerbera daisies, our embroidered floral pillow certainly brightens up a room. And delivers plenty of texture. It's fashioned with UV-resistant fabric and bold red piping plus soft poly fiberfill to keep things comfortable.
Our fully embroidered pillow is plumped with poly fiberfill. It's spectacular starburst of red, white and blue won't fade, thanks to a UV-resistant fabric.
Inject a punch a global flair into any setting with our embroidered pillow. With soft poly fiberfill and UV-resistant fabric, it will provide long-lasting comfort, indoors or out.
Escaping to an exotic Mediterranean villa is as easy as changing out your pillows. Case in point: Marisela. It's embroidered in rich hues of crimson, blue, gold and ivory with soft poly fiberfill. Even richer? The fabric is UV-resistant for durability—which means more fun in the sun at your villa.
Springtime, naptime and just because—all perfect occasions for our hydrangea pillow. Blooming on a white field, this Asian floral is beautifully embroidered and features soft poly fiberfill, blue piping for contrast and UV-resistant fabric, so it can flower in the sun.
A frequent visitor to the shore, this embroidered sandpiper bestows a coastal vibe to our pillow. You'll experience the comforts of the beach life, indoors or out, thanks to UV-resistant fabric, jute trim and soft poly fiberfill.
Our bouquet-inspired Louisa pillow is the epitome of open-air luxury. Heavily embroidered over a soft woven fabric and comfortable enough for indoors, it's also durable, UV-protected and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
Set on a contrasting deep blue background, our white anchor features knots upon knots of embroidery for a super-soft landing that you can sink into. UV-protected, it can be enjoyed on land or by sea. And by "sea," we mean pool.
Gerbera daisies bloom bountifully and beautifully on our embroidered pillow that's pretty enough for your bed and durable enough for your patio chair. Made of UV-resistant fabric and neatly finished with piping, it's nicely plumped with polyester fill.
Native to South America, angelfish are the epitome of grace and the inspiration for our pillow. It features an embroidered fish embellished with shimmering sequins, deep blue piping and UV-resistant fabric—plus, durable poly fiberfill that’ll have you swimming in comfort.
Add a luxe touch to your patio furniture with our newest collection of UV-resistant outdoor pillows. Channeling an oceanic vibe, it features an embroidered design in a contrasting shade of ivory. The look is obviously indigenous to any well-decorated garden or patio.
Intricately embroidered lanterns light up our vibrant pillow. Finished with knotted cording and specially treated to be UV-resistant, you can toss it on a patio chair as well as your family room sofa. Mix with solid or striped pillows to create a nook that’s all your own.
With an enthusiastic nod to our northern neighbors, our iconic pillow features applique and embroidery, set off with red piping. Clearly, a maple leaf worth falling for—indoors or out.
Add a splash of color and texture to your indoor and outdoor spaces with our unique, hooked Sandshell Pillow. Colorful and UV-resistant, it brings seaside style to your patio or soft, plush texture and brilliant color to your living room or den.
Make over your indoor or outdoor spaces with our hooked Crab Pillow. Decorated with a bright, scuttling sea creature, it will bring any space to life with unique color and texture.
Our cool, hooked pillow features a fun lobster design and tons of texture that’s sure to instantly enhance any indoor or outdoor space. With a UV-resistant fabric and plush polyester filling, it’s ideal for an accent chair or porch chair.
Made with a colorful mum design, our cool hooked pillow adds fun texture to both indoor and outdoor spaces. It's the perfect way to add fresh, bright style to any of your living areas.
Since flamingos can live to be 40 or 50 and often mate for life, it's no surprise that a pair facing each other with necks bowed form a heart. So, when our designers came up with this novel, 3-D rendition created in popcorn embroidery, it's easy to see why it was love at first sight.
Add a luxe touch to poolside or patio furniture with our newest collection of UV-treated outdoor pillows. Channeling an oceanic vibe, this blue beauty features an elaborately embroidered octopus in a contrasting shade of shell white. Together, the pair is obviously indigenous to any well-decorated garden or yard.
Our sophisticated Eva pillow features an elegant botanical print in muted hues of orange, red, green and gray. Made from weather-resistant fabric, this floral arrangement is more durable than delicate, and makes a superb choice for guests relaxing indoors or outside.
Our Angelique pattern has found its way onto this dramatic pillow that’s destined for your outdoor living area. With its beautiful, versatile look and a protective, long-lasting finish, one might call it angelic. And that would be close.
Some like it chill, and some prefer hot. Either way, we've got you covered when it comes to fresh designs to accent your outdoor furnishings. UV-treated for durability and colorfastness, the Margaritte Suzani is a sensational medallion-print pillow. Add a few solid counterparts into the decorative mix, and you’ve got a lively custom look that's perfectly comfortable.
An oversized sandpiper belongs on an oversized pillow, right? Our subtly rendered beachcomber is given a larger-than-life treatment on a UV-resistant pillow perfectly suited for your patio, deck or poolside.
You shouldn’t have to crane your neck to see an elegant shoreline bird. That’s why we’ve given our crane a soft, oversized pillow to roost upon. This UV-resistant pillow is perfectly suited for your patio, deck or poolside.
Continuing our proud tradition of throwing our prettiest pillows to the elements, we present our Cane Collection. Crafted of UV-resistant material with white piping and a woven-cane motif, it brings an artful, geometric touch to your outdoor decor.
Who needs to count sheep when our pillow holds 50 stars for you to tally. Surrounded by red piping, our UV-resistant pillow adds patriotic flair to your patio or indoor seating area. Stripes not included.
Leaves of all shapes and sizes decorate our plush pillow. Constructed of UV-resistant polyester, this little beauty is ideal, indoors or out.
A colorful bird dances joyfully among bright blooms on our pillow. Comfortably thick with plump poly fill, it's covered in UV-resistant fabric, but it's soft enough to feel at home indoors, too.
As a kid, nothing was more fun than the family road trip. From sunny beaches to wilderness campsites, the journey was always as important as the destination. Now you can keep that nostalgic feeling alive with our UV-resistant, gently weathered pillow, bringing a sense of comfort and adventure to your sunroom or covered patio.
As a kid, a trip to the beach was a special vacation. Now you can keep that nostalgic feeling alive with our UV-resistant, gently weathered pillow, bringing a sense of comfort and adventure to your sunroom or covered patio.
Our suzani-style embroidered pillow features a bold medallion against a neutral background. Wonderfully stylish to mix with solids or other carefully selected patterns, it's specially treated to be UV-resistant so it can play outdoors as well as in. Nicely plumped with polyester fill.
Our Louisa Pillow is the epitome of open-air luxury. Printed on a nubby, textured fabric and comfortable enough for indoors, it's also durable, UV- and mildew-resistant for outdoor use.
As a kid, a trip to a lake house, complete with a canoe, was a special vacation. Now you can keep that nostalgic feeling alive with our UV-resistant, gently weathered pillow, bringing a sense of comfort and adventure to your sunroom or covered patio.
Our Marisela pattern is busy—busy being beautiful. Since the fabric is treated for UV protection, this pillow can be placed indoors or out. You’ll appreciate the oversized proportions and braided jute piping on this intricate design.
These florals unfurling across a soft background will stay fresh, thanks to weather-resistant fabric. Lush fringe and incredible softness make the appeal of this indoor/outdoor pillow blossom even more.
This tasseled pillow is no hassle. We’ve taken the peaceful Angelique pattern and applied it to an elegant indoor/outdoor lumbar pillow that has a protective, fade-resistant finish. No fuss, all plush.
The perfect arrangement is easy to put together with this floral-themed beauty. Luxe fringe, rich colors and incredible softness are always in season. And since it’s made with weather-resistant fabric, you can plant a few indoors or outdoors.
This smart pillow has earned its tassels. It’s a study in graceful style, with an oversized floral motif spreading across a deep spice background. And since it earns top marks both inside and outdoors, it’s definitely most likely to succeed anywhere.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our woven pillow. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Fresh air and refreshing comfort just go together—sort of like the bold stripes of our pillow with a flirty flange. While ultra-soft fibers make it worthy of indoor enjoyment, its UV-resistant fabric will also let you bring a ready-to-have-fun vibe to your patio. Comfy and cheery? Quite the fresh idea.
Our embroidered pillow depicts a sheaf of wheat, an enduring symbol of a generous harvest. Made of UV-resistant fabric and plumped with poly fiberfill, our pillow will look as pretty on your patio as it does in your living room.
Overflowing with fall gourds and fruit, our embroidered pillow features the cornucopia, a symbol of abundance and nourishment. Made of UV-resistant fabric and plumped with poly fiberfill, our pillow features a brilliant cascade of color and will brighten your home all season long—inside and out.
Express a note of gratitude this holiday season with our embroidered script lumbar pillow. The simple sentiment says it all, and the sumptuous look, accented with fringed flange, speaks volumes about your savvy style.
A gathering with family and friends becomes more fun when you toss our heavily embroidered skull pillow on a sofa or patio chair. Designed to pay tribute to Halloween and the Day of the Dead, the colorful motif and orange corded trim really pop against the black background. Add candles and candy, and you’ll  encourage the spirits to grant extra wisdom and good luck.
“Don’t cross a black cat” doesn’t mean you can’t toss our Halloween-inspired throw pillow on a sofa or patio chair. Heavily embroidered against a black background accented with green corded trim, our kitty is purr-fectly happy to take a seat next to you or simply be admired from afar.
Not to be morbid, but nothing says Halloween quite like our coffin-inspired lumbar pillow. Since the options are trick or treat, why not go with the former and make your indoor or outdoor environment a lot more fun?
Create a fun and frightening atmosphere with the help of our embroidered Halloween pillow. Since it’s weather-resistant, you can use it indoors or out, so go ahead and have a hauntingly good time.
There are good witches and bad witches, and then there is the totally witchin’ gal embroidered atop our Halloween-inspired throw pillow. Flying high on her broomstick, with a trail of long hair and a black cat on back, she makes a spellbinding impression.
As if they've been freshly picked, our beautifully embroidered pumpkins are ready to enliven your sofa or chair—inside or out. That's right. Our lumbar pillow, made of UV-resistant fabric and trimmed with contrasting piping, can do double duty—sitting pretty in the living room or on the patio. Plus, this group of gourds will look as fresh in early December as they do in October.
Striking a colorful pose against falling leaves, our embroidered pumpkin pillow can dress up your living room or your patio. Made of UV-resistant fabric and plumped with poly fiberfill, our lumbar pillow will look as pretty in early December as it does in October—inside and out.
Pictured at the height of their striking autumnal shades, our embroidered leaves will brighten your sofa or chair all season long. Made of UV-resistant fabric and plumped with poly fiberfill, our lumbar pillow will look as pretty on your patio as it does in your living room.
When warm days turn cool, reach for our Embroidered Sweater Weather Pillow with contrasting twisted trim. Designed to withstand the elements, you can use it as a cozy accent indoors or out.
Always wish you had a room with a view? Our shimmering wall mirror evokes the sight of a tropical sea, thanks to its stunning glass mosaic pattern in shades of teal and navy. Go ahead—hang it in the den, bedroom or bath, and swim in its glory.
Peacocks love to show off—and our Stardust Peacock Mirror is no exception. It’s large enough to be the centerpiece on any wall, and with its lustrous finish, it makes a brilliant impression.
If you’re seeing stars, it must be because you’re looking at your reflection in our Stardust Silver Mirror. Crafted with a lustrous silver-tone finish and a celestial-inspired iron border, it makes a dazzling impression. Get ready for your close-up.
Why do we call this mirror Eternal? With its simple silhouette and collaged wooden details, it will never go out of style. Hardware is included for easy hanging in an office, living room or entryway.
See yourself in shimmering shades of champagne when you gaze into our handcrafted mosaic mirror. It’s an ideal piece for any empty wall and offers the perfect frame for admiring your reflection.
Harness the magic of the midnight sky with the beautiful blue and black mosaic design of our handcrafted mirror. Perfectly placed glass tiles frame your reflection and transform this piece from a simple mirror to a piece of art that expertly occupies your empty wall space.
Revive your reflective style with the unique design of our wall mirror. Framed with a mirrored scrollwork design, it makes a bold statement in any space from the bathroom to the entryway.
Make every design decision count and choose our gold-toned mirror to reflect your superb style. Smaller rooms instantly seem bigger, and empty wall space is expertly occupied by the clean, classic design.
Looking for a piece that will brilliantly tie in with your decor? Consider our Lazuli mirror. The sturdy, wrought iron frame is bedecked with a handcrafted mosaic design made of square gold and silver glass tiles. Just think of the possibilities and get your shine on.
According to Arthurian legend, Avalon was a legendary island where the king’s magical sword, Excalibur, was forged. Befitting its name, our mirror is destined to be legendary as well. Its oversized, handcrafted frame features thousands of tiny, foiled-glass tesserae in a captivating mosaic pattern. And its glass mirror will reflect the great taste of its owner.
You don’t need high wattage to light up a room. Our Victoria mirror does that all on its own, with layers of individually beveled glass tiles that illuminate a space from every angle. But that’s not all. For added intrigue, select blocks have been antiqued—resulting in a truly stunning piece of functional art.
Named for the French word meaning “sea village,” our handcrafted Merville mirror delivers coastal style to any wall in your chateau. Its rustic fir frame is carved in the style of European casement windows, with an antiqued white stain and cast iron scrolls for added intrigue. A one-of-a-kind focal point for any wall.
Like most damasks produced in monochromatic weaves, our Etched Damask Mirror will turn up the glam factor in your home with its reflective personality. It’s not only functional, it could also be used as a fabulous piece of wall art.
We invite you to bask in the beveled brilliance of our Huntington Mirror. Multilayered, just like your style, it opens up any room’s potential to shine. What an elegant reflection of your impeccable taste.
When you want rustic but luxurious, look to—or look into—our handcrafted iron waves mirror. With rows of warm waves with a rich, hand-painted patina, our mirror will warm up any space you put it in. At a generous four feet tall, it’s a statement worth reflecting on.
Like an upbeat work of art, our handcrafted mirror, covered in mosaic mirrored and capiz shell tiles, and will brighten your day every time you look at it.
Of the manor born. She’s ready for tea in vintage-style rooms both bright and cozy. Gently distressed, our pale beauty with its architectural accents will add just that touch of quaint timelessness you’ve been searching for.
If you’re looking for the perfect meld of modern and organic, you’ve found it. Hand-woven rattan in loops and swoops borders our mirror which is supported by the sharp angles of a wrought iron frame. The only question: Where will you hang it?
Frame your reflection in the soft, subtle butterfly print of our hand-painted mirror. Accompanied by a soft, stylish script, it adds spring-inspired tranquility to any wall.
Instantly splash your space in waves of color with our rectangular, mosaic mirror. Hand-placed pieces of brightly colored glass create a rolling pattern that brings bright design to plain walls and enhances your already decorated spaces.
Stop. Look. Smile. Our mirror will cause you to pause each time you walk by. It's framed by a carefully handcrafted, glass mosaic frame. Right after you appreciate the way it brightens your room, you'll notice your own fine reflection—another reason to smile.
As if you needed another excuse to look radiant. Our Hutton mirror is an exquisite statement piece, crafted by hand with luminous mosaic tiles surrounding an oversized rectangular mirror. A cast iron frame ensures heft and durability, so it will radiate style for years to come.
Hand-painted of wood and gently distressed, our mirror has an heirloom look that draws attention to your reflection. Hang it in your living space or bedroom, and it's sure to be the fairest of them all.
A mirror, framed in a bunch of smaller mirrors, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. OK, maybe our elaborate Victory Mirror isn't quite that complex. But its intricate piecework and wondrous presence is truly mind-boggling. And it's really pretty, too.
Why do we call this hand-painted mirror Eternal? With its simple silhouette and collaged wooden details, it will never go out of style. It's the perfect accent for an office, living room or entryway.
With neatly arranged tiles in shimmering gold, silver, amber and blue, our Gold Rush Mosaic Mirror creates a global piece that blends well with existing furnishings. Guess it’s fair to say that, decor-wise, you’ve struck it rich.
Go for baroque. Our ornate, rococo-style mirror would have been the toast of 1730 Paris, where its elaborate style was favored by King Louis XV and French high society. We've added a fresh spin with an antique white finish that turns fancy-pants into a bit of fun.
Here’s what doesn’t change: The beauty of this mirror’s antiqued, hand-painted finish and detailed trim. What does change: You—you’re getting better by the year. So as long as you keep looking at your reflection, we guess the mirror will keep getting lovelier, too.
Even we have a serious side sometimes. Take the stately Ivory Embossed Mirror—a formidable piece in the classic French style. Large, ornately sculpted wooden frame features an antique ivory finish, mitered corners and double-stepped moulding. Mirror is beveled. A piece like this is no laughing matter. Except when your pals think you paid a fortune for it. Now that's funny.
Our classic beveled mirror features a handsome, stacked wrought iron frame with an embossed concho pattern and polished silver finish. Luminous doesn't even begin to cover it. This mirror is replete with glowiosity.
To paraphrase Cole Porter, we get no kick from champagne—but our oversized Champagne Mirror is another matter. Masterfully crafted of engineered wood, its lustrous frame is lightly tiled, hand-foiled in silver and bordered in gold for maximum punch. The effect: Intoxicating.
Go grandiose and hang our handcrafted mirror that features an elegant floral motif and a subtle nod to Old World opulence. It’s impressive in an entryway or instantly makes a living room seem a little grander.
Although it’s simple, our wood mirror lacks nothing in sophistication. It effortlessly blends into your decor to brighten your rooms and opens up new design possibilities. It’s an instant reflection of timeless style.
When it comes to your interior style, we say go glam or go home! Our handcrafted mirror is the definition of glamour. It’s bright and sparkly and brings the perfect mix of fun and sophistication to your space.
Add a soothing decorative touch to a room, office or bath with this handcrafted, ocean-inspired mosaic mirror crafted by Indonesian artisans. Each piece of glass is hand-cut, painted and placed using a complex layering technique to form a unique pattern that seamlessly blends shades of blue, green, gold and brown. It’s beautiful. Naturally.
Natural shell nacre forms a glittering mosaic pattern on this dazzling handcrafted, mother-of-pearl porthole mirror. Hang it in a room that needs a little opening up—the iridescent shell and beveled glass have a way of casting light throughout your home. Just like any good mother.
Wedge-shaped slats of mahogany-finished pine radiate from a center mirror to create an iris effect that provides a window to the soul of the person reflected. And the intriguing contrast of the rustic wood of the surround to the cool glass of the mirror makes this an excellent transitional piece in many eclectic settings.
Talk about a work of art. Our handcrafted mirror is covered in mosaic mirrored and capiz shell tiles and will brighten up your day every time you look at it. Or at least help you to not have a bad hair day.
Let the light in with our pretty Lesina Sunburst Mirror. Crafted of iron, painted a shimmering golden tone and measuring over 36", it's a huge update for a classic, centuries-old design.
The decorative frame of this honey-stained wood mirror radiates warmth and good taste. Hang it in a room that needs a little sunshine, and bask in its beauty.
Reflect on your personal style with this charming mirror that brings fashionable home decor full circle. Surrounded by crackled mother of pearl, this handcrafted mirror will make you look better than ever.
Why travel the world for the perfect ornate, hand-carved, hand-painted frame when a simple mirror would do? Because we believe a mirror—like everything at Pier 1—should have character. And not just the one reflected in it.
A mirror, framed in a bunch of smaller mirrors, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. OK, maybe the elaborate, mandala-inspired Victory Mirror isn't quite that complex. But its intricate piecework and wondrous presence is truly mind-boggling. And it's real pretty, too.
This is huge. And by huge, we mean the news that an authentic, hand-painted iron replica of a mid-century triple-tiered sunburst mirror can still be had at a near-mid-century price. Also it's, you know, more than 3 feet across. So there's that.
The Ennis Mirror is a highly adaptable species. Its silver frame features recessed channels with indentations that are tinted bronze, silver and gold. Neither mod nor traditional—it capably serves as an interesting wall accent wherever it's needed.
You'll find plenty of jewel tones to catch the light and beautifully accent a room inside the mosaic design of our framed oval mirror. With this kind of versatility, there's just one question: Where will you decide to hang it?
Inspired by the solar system’s central star, this beauty is bursting with intricate piecework. Unlike the sun, feel free to look directly at it and give it the full admiration it deserves.
This one takes you back. Reflecting Art Deco design of the 1920s, each panel is made of alternating golden wood and mirrors. It’s modern meets Jazz Age with glamour and grandeur.
Wedge-shaped slats of hand-painted rosewood radiate from a center mirror to create an iris effect that provides a window into the soul of the person reflected. The intriguing contrast of the timeless wood with the cool glass makes this an excellent transitional piece in many eclectic settings.
Wedge-shaped slats of hand-painted rosewood radiate from a center mirror to create an iris effect that provides a window into the soul of the person reflected. The intriguing contrast of the rustic wood with the cool glass makes this an excellent transitional piece in many eclectic settings.
We’re seeing double. Double the style, that is. Our vintage-style mirror is crafted of distressed iron forged in a twin scroll design. With its cherished family heirloom appeal, it’s sure to catch the awed reflections of passersby.
Stop. Look. Smile. Our mirror will cause you to pause each time you walk by. It's framed by a carefully handcrafted, glass mosaic frame. Right after you appreciate the way it brightens your room, you'll notice your own fine reflection—another reason to smile.
Our lovely round, wooden mirror is hand-painted in a champagne tone. With such a sleek, beautiful style, it will have you toasting your decorating success the minute you hang it.
Smudges of smoky capiz shell surround our handcrafted, rectangular mirror to bring luminescence to any space. It's perfect for a bathroom, bedroom or living room, but it instantly adds radiance to your reflection no matter where you choose to hang it.
Add sunny style to your empty wall with our stunning round mirror. Handcrafted of tiny pieces of capiz shell to create a sunburst, its bright design brings warmth to bedrooms, bathrooms and living rooms.
Instantly splash your space in waves of color with our round, mosaic mirror. Hand-placed pieces of brightly colored glass create a rolling pattern that brings bright design to plain walls and enhances your already decorated spaces.
Perk up your home with radiant reflection. Crafted of cast iron and embellished with teardrop-shaped, acrylic crystals, our mirror makes a spectacular focal piece. And looks just as stunning as you will in it.
This is the fairest of them all. With a hand-painted, antiqued silver-tone frame in a classic oval shape, this beauty enchants wherever you place it. It's graceful in groupings or absolutely alluring all on its own.
This is the fairest of them all. With a hand-painted, antiqued golden frame in a classic oval shape, this beauty enchants wherever you place it. It's graceful in groupings or absolutely alluring all on its own.
Taking from fanciful Bombay influences, our carved mirror will make your house feel as opulent as a Bollywood set. Showcasing unique style, it will add an exotic accent to any wall in your home.
Wedge-shaped slats of warm rosewood radiate from a center mirror to create an iris effect that provides a window to the soul of the person reflected. The intriguing contrast of the rustic wood to the cool glass makes this an excellent transitional piece in many eclectic settings.
With generous curves and a name that means “young,” our Juliette mirror will inspire a certain flirtatious joy in anyone who gazes upon it. The antiqued frame scrolls elegantly from top to bottom, with an overall gilded appeal not unlike a royal vanity. Perfect for any boudoir or powder room.
Cut with the classic look of cathedral glass, our handcrafted mirror makes a grand impression in your entryway or any other room, for that matter. Pair it with your favorite contemporary pieces for a clean look that’s uniquely modern.
Add architectural interest to even the plainest wall with our Window Mirror. Place it anywhere you need a prettier view or in a corner that could benefit from beautifully reflected plays of light. A distressed, antiqued whitewash finish completes the pure vintage look.
Add architectural interest to even the plainest wall with our Window Mirror. Place it anywhere you need a prettier view or in a corner that could benefit from beautifully reflected plays of light. A painted light brown finish completes the look.
Add architectural interest to even the plainest wall with our Window Mirror. Place it anywhere you need a prettier view or in a corner that could benefit from beautifully reflected plays of light. A painted black finish completes the look.
We’re fans of a mirror with character. Particularly one with an antiqued yellow finish. Carefully placed, this mirror will create an illusion of surprise passageways with its casement framing topped by a faux fan transom.
We’re fans of a mirror with character. Particularly one with an antiqued turquoise finish. Carefully placed, this mirror will create an illusion of surprise passageways with its casement framing topped by a faux fan transom.
Our handcrafted mother-of-pearl mirror brings a touch of Gothic grandeur to your walls. And while its silhouette is medieval, its beveled edges give it the versatility to blend with both classic and contemporary decor.
A blast from the “once upon a times” our mirror provides fairytale grandeur at its best. Set within a white, baroque styled frame within rustic wood paneling, this isn’t just the fairest of them all—it’s the grandest. And makes for a grand statement, too.
Dramatic accents make for design magic—and this time, it's all done with mirrors. This distinctive frameless wall mirror looks amazing in an entryway, bedroom or over a bathroom basin. Individual mirror pieces are backed by lightweight engineered wood.
Expressing a sense of casual elegance, our handcrafted mirror is perfect leaning against a wall in your bedroom. With an artfully distressed design, it becomes an impressive centerpiece in any space.
Crafted entirely by hand using a 90-day, multistep process, this Pier 1 Exclusive mirror is made of natural mother of pearl harvested from the sea. Treated to be water- and mildew-resistant, then lacquered to enhance the brilliant ivory sheen, the piece reflects why ancient seafaring cultures have always collected the shells for good luck.
Natural shell nacre forms a glittering pattern on our dazzling mirror, the mother of all mother-of-pearl mirrors. Hang our handcrafted mirror horizontally or vertically in a room that needs a little opening up—the iridescent shell has a way of casting light throughout your home. Just like any good mother.
This. Is. Major. Bigger than a floor mirror has to be, at 73 inches tall. Prettier than a mirror has any right to be, with deep relief setback, a smoky hand-painted antiqued finish, and carved pattern detailing. And it's solidly built to last for generations, with a keyhole hanger and braced construction. Such a purchase will reflect very well on you, indeed. Look into it.
A dramatic, over-sized mirror framed with bold, bright waves that are actually made up of tiny, colored glass pieces. Clearly, the floor show has begun.
It’s time for your close-up. Whether you’re dressing up or dressing down, this chic floor mirror shows you the whole picture. Two rows of small beads trim the glass for a contemporary feel, with black lacquered backing that's built to last. Trust us—this kind of purchase will reflect very well on you.
Why do we call this mirror Eternal? With its simple silhouette and collaged wooden details, it will never go out of style. It's the perfect accent for an office, living room or entryway.
You can see yourself in this. Topping out at five feet, our floor mirror is a true stand-up statement piece. Brighten up a corner, check yourself out in the morning and start the day (or night!) with this bold, beveled beauty.
Large and luxurious, this beveled floor mirror has a flair for the dramatic. Surrounded by clear gems, painted a stunning silver and crafted of pierced iron—it’s certainly eye-catching, yet practical enough for an entryway statement piece or dazzling bedroom mirror. See what we mean?
Add our vintage-style mirror to your living room and instantly enhance your decor. With classic beveled edges, it features a simple rectangular domed design that adds to its heirloom-like quality, providing your room with that perfect stylish touch.
Add our vintage-style mirror to your living room and instantly enhance your decor. With classic beveled edges, it features a simple oval design that adds to its heirloom-like quality, providing your room with that perfect stylish touch.
Add our vintage-style mirror to your living room and instantly enhance your decor. With classic beveled edges, it features a beautiful hourglass design that adds to its heirloom-like quality, providing your room with that perfect stylish touch.
Add our vintage-style mirror to your living room and instantly enhance your decor. With classic beveled edges, it features a simple round design that adds to its heirloom-like quality, providing your room with that perfect stylish touch.
In true Pier 1 fashion, this beauty redefines originality. Housed in a metal frame that features nailhead accents on the corners, this unique wonder showcases a quatrefoil design made of mirrors set on top of a solid wood foundation. Talk about thinking outside the box—or in this case, the square.
Seafaring cultures have a history of collecting treasures, like mother of pearl, for good luck. Now your luck can double. Our mirror is handcrafted from mother of pearl into a four-leaf clover design that is sure to bring good looks and fortune into your home.
Select mother-of-pearl shells are inlaid to form the ivory mosaic frame that defines our gorgeous wall mirror. A Pier 1 bestseller, it reflects why seafaring cultures have always collected such treasures for good luck. Take one home and you're sure to feel fortunate, too.
Select mother-of-pearl shells are inlaid to form the ivory mosaic frame that defines our gorgeous wall mirror. Its silvery silhouette reflects just why seafaring cultures have always collected such treasures for good luck. Take one home and you're sure to feel fortunate, too.
Reminiscent of the Art Deco style of the 1920s, our Radiant Mirror is bursting with hand-carved artistic elements. Add it to your entryway or wall collage and it's sure to be the fairest of them all.
Hand-painted white and beautifully antiqued, our round mirror resembles a cozy cottage window. And just like a window, its shabby-chic style can really brighten up your entryway, hallway or bedroom. And a twisted rope makes it easy to hang.
We’d say that sunburst mirrors are making quite a comeback, but the fact is, they never really faded. From Louis XIV to fans of Hollywood Regency style, this look is always a bright idea. In fact, you loved our Gold Burst Wall Decor so much that we added a new color—silver—for a brilliantly regal impact. The center mirror is framed with braided wire, and an antiqued silver finish completes the effect. If history is any indication, you’ll love it.
We'd say that sunburst mirrors are making quite a comeback, but the fact is, they never really faded. From Louis XIV to fans of Hollywood Regency style, this look is always a bright idea. Ours creates a big impact even in small spaces, so it's especially brilliant. The center mirror is framed with braided wire, and an antiqued gold finish completes the effect. If history is any indication, you'll love it.
What’s better than a cow? A cow with a pig and rooster stacked on top, of course! Our fun, farm-animal stack makes a kitchen counter more charming and a dining display more inviting. These farm animals are sure to win a permanent spot in your home.
It’s not surprising that such a powerful animal makes such a striking impression. Of course, it helps that our fully antlered moose is carefully handcrafted of aluminum, antiqued and finished in a gorgeous golden hue. Wherever you showcase it—man cave to mantel—it’ll make the most glam trophy ever.
Adding an aquatic theme to our collection of sculpted art made with natural capiz, this fish casts a mesmerizing spell. The hand-painted finish, in shades of turquoise, blue, bronze and gold, catches the light just right. One look, and you'll be hooked.
Our metal owls have a light and open look, with frameworks formed of connected circles. Adding to the effect? Shimmering, round acrylic gems that fill random circles as well as the eyes that, upon review, seem to radiate from concentric circles. Clearly, this is wise design. Although it seems based on circular logic.
Our tribute to the biplanes flown by the Wright Brothers and others at the turn of the last century, this remarkably intricate iron sculpture will inspire flights of fancy in any aviation buff. Intended for display as a decorative accent, the plane's propellor actually moves but it should not be used as a toy. Like some of the Wrights' earlier attempts, that notion just won't fly.
This amazingly detailed Metal Bike Sculpture stands only 10" high—otherwise, it could pass for the real thing. The classic cruiser design features a gold metal frame with real rubber balloon tires, front basket, saddle seat, rubber handlebar grips, rear rack and kickstand. Pedals and chain move the back wheel, just like a real bike. A Pier 1 exclusive, because that's how we roll.
Achieving gracefulness and whimsy at the same time is a tall order. But it’s something our hand-painted wrought iron giraffe accomplishes with ease. Embellished with clear jewels, it’s the height of fanciful style.
Why not trumpet your whimsical sense of style? Our hand-painted wrought iron elephant is more than happy to spread the news. Clear gems adorn this remarkable creature, who is ready to pack his trunk and join you.
Handcrafted in the spirit of the iconic bombers from the WWII era, our sleek aluminum airplane is cleared for landing in your home office or study. Let its streamlined silhouette bring to mind the days when Big Band ruled the airwaves and courageous flyboys ruled the air.
Shimmering and iridescent, our handcrafted Foil Ceramic Dolphin captures the playful sea creature mid-leap. Unlike its real-life cousins, it won't jump through hoops for you. But we will.
Artfully handcrafted, our sea-dweller provides a splash of aquatic fun to any room. Known for their intelligence and social nature, dolphins crave companionship. So get smart and add this guy to your collection today.
Even without a bird to add sweet songs, our metal birdcage brings a sweet note to any space. Fill it with plants, candles or feathery friend figurines to add charming, eye-catching style to all your favorite places.
Styles of a feather flock together, and our stylish metal feather is ready to mingle among your favorite decorative pieces. Hand-painted in a pretty silver tone, it’s the perfect mix of sophisticated style and the beauty of nature.
As part of our Coastal Collection, our handcrafted ceramic pelican evokes the memory of sandy beaches, fishing boats and open water. Skillfully detailed and finished in an antiqued blue smoke glaze, this aquatic bird can come to rest contentedly on a patio, porch or decorative shelf but looks twice as nice when placed alongside his first mate. Together or separate, this fellow is see-worthy.
Crafted of resin and stone, and finished in antique ivory, our decorative antler brings a naturally attractive element to your office, den or study. No longer just for rustic decor, antlers are now seen as current accent pieces in contemporary settings, offering an unexpected juxtaposition to sleek and more modern furniture, as well as more traditional looks.
As part of our Coastal Collection, our handcrafted ceramic pelican evokes the memory of sandy beaches, fishing boats and open water. Skillfully detailed and finished in an antiqued blue-smoke glaze, this aquatic bird can come to rest contentedly on a patio, porch or decorative shelf but looks twice as nice when placed alongside his first mate. Together or separate, this fellow is see-worthy.
The ocean is home to some of Mother Nature’s most colorful (and covetable) creations. We wouldn’t dream of suggesting you disturb a natural reef, so we designed this handcrafted coral replica made of polyresin and finished it in red. Used as a decorative accent on a bookshelf, corner étagère or entryway table, it’s a brilliant idea. Don’t you think?
What better way to cultivate your sculpture collection than with our iron and mango wood tree of life? Handcrafted with slight color variations, this little tree will stay rooted wherever you place it. Think mantel, office or family room. No pruning required.
Our colorful, crooning rooster is handcrafted using dazzling dyed capiz shell and textured iron to create a vibrant piece that fits perfectly with your charming kitchen decor. Place him in any room for farm-fresh style.
Holy cow! Bessie may not be able to give you milk, but she sure beams bright. Our weathered iron milking cow will stand tall and proud from a cozy spot inside or out, greeting guests with her bright LEDs.
It’s time to go whole hog with a cute little companion that beams bright. Our black and white painted iron pig will stand tall and proud from a cozy spot inside or out, greeting guests with its bright LEDs.
Seize the day with a fun little companion that beams bright. Our red and yellow painted iron rooster will stand tall and proud from a cozy spot inside or out, greeting guests with its bright LEDs.
This kitty just might have more than nine lives and is a fun little companion that beams bright. Our red and blue iron cat will bow down from a cozy spot inside or out, greeting guests with its bright LEDs.
Every dog has his day, and this is a fun little companion that will brighten yours. Our blue and golden iron dog will stand tall and proud from a cozy spot inside or out, greeting guests with its bright LEDs.
The artichoke is a classic motif in decorating and has historically symbolized hope. Our golden iron artichoke finial is part of that grand tradition—bracket a fireplace; create an unforgettable centerpiece or place on a mantel to create instant drama.
Here's a stalwart steed handcrafted in stone that will add a sense of Old World style to a den, library or patio. It's more than a classic—it's timeless.
Why should aquariums have all the fun? Our vibrant Faux Coral Fn provides an instant color boost to your own cove. Handcrafted to resemble actual sea fan coral, it's a natural look with a kick of color. You've always wanted your own coral reef, and we're here to get you started.
Why should aquariums have all the fun? Our vibrant Faux Coral Fan provides an instant color boost to your own cove. Handcrafted to resemble actual sea fan coral, it's a natural look with a kick of color. You've always wanted your own coral reef, and we're here to get you started.
Faux taxidermy is a contemporary trend. Our handcrafted antler makes a striking (and handy) accent for a bedroom, office or entryway. Since playing off juxtaposition is half the fun, you could find yourself hooked on the look and place this piece in a feminine boudoir.
Our stately buck is an iconic image for cabin life celebrating the great outdoors. While it may have a modern edge, there is no denying its wild origins. Hunt for more in our Golden Antler collection.
Shades of autumn never looked so good. Our generously sized copper-tone foiled leaf will be your new favorite landing spot for decorative spheres, pinecones or faux fruit. You'll find ways to keep this leaf fresh long after all the others have fallen.
Our copper-tone foiled feather is ready to grace your home with its magnificent presence. It's a standout piece when you love the natural look but want a more contemporary feel.  Where will you let it land?
The pineapple is a symbol of hospitality; so welcome ours to a space that needs some tropical sparkle. The hand-painted iron frame is bejeweled with acrylic beads and topped with a riot of spiky leaves. Find more pieces in our Gemstone Collection to maximize your glitz factor.
Wild horses can’t be broken, but that didn’t stop our artisans from capturing this stallion’s uninhibited spirit as he charges ahead at full tilt with his hand-painted mane blowing in the wind. Not to worry though. He’ll stay wherever you set him. No roping necessary.
Our amazingly detailed sculpture stands only 11" high—otherwise, it could pass for the real thing. The classic cruiser design features a metal frame with real rubber balloon tires, saddle seat, wooden handlebars, rear rack and kickstand. A Pier 1 exclusive, because that's how we roll.
Handcrafted with a silvery finish, our handsome buck is an iconic image of cabin life. Ideal as a winter accessory, it brings an air of modern sophistication to your mantel or study.
Our antler offers more than meets the eye. The silvery finish gives it a refined look, while the handcrafted center and tines make it a work of art to be displayed on the wall, a bar or mantel. See? More than meets the eye.
There’s no better way to personalize your space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a wooden letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are crafted with finely finished wood and a few nailhead details, the perfect complement to your style—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at least your initials. Once you pick the letters that represent you and your BFF, join them with this ceramic ampersand. Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and silvery finish, it’s the perfect complement to a variety of styles and initials—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your hashtag on it. Ours is handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and silvery finish, the perfect complement to a variety of styles—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf. #findwhatspeakstoyou
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a ceramic letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and silvery finish. They’re the perfect complement to a variety of styles—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
Included as part of all modern keyboards and email addresses, the “at” sign—or asperand, apetail, atpersand or ampersat—can be traced to the 16th century. Why not incorporate this versatile piece of punctuation into your personal style? Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and silvery finish, our little @ delivers modern glam with a cheeky sense of humor—hanging or sitting, alone or paired with another letter or symbol from our monogram collection.
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a ceramic letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and silvery finish. They’re the perfect complement to a variety of styles—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
Always wanted to see your name in lights? We can help. Our LED-equipped letters will add a celebratory twinkle to your room. Since each comes with a timer, you can light your shelf or table top on schedule every day. Arrange one or two, or be bold and buy several. Your friends will envy your marquee status.
Included as part of all modern keyboards and email addresses, the “at” sign can be traced to the 16th century. Why not incorporate this versatile piece of punctuation into your personal style? Our LED-equipped symbol will add a celebratory twinkle to your room. Since it comes with a timer, you can light your shelf or table top on schedule every day. Use alone or with a letter or two.
Always wanted to make your own marquee? We can help. Our LED-equipped hashtag will add twinkle to your room. Since it comes with a timer, you can light your shelf or table top on schedule every day. Use it alone or combine it with letters. Your friends will love your display. #shoppedatpier1&lt;/span
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at leas your initials. Once you pick the letters that represent you and your BFF, join them with our LED-equipped ampersand. Since it comes with a timer, you can light your shelf or table top on schedule every day. Your BFF will be honored to share your marquee status.&lt;/span
Nothing says home sweet home like our “home” sculpture. Handcrafted, it's set in a pretty, script type and is a charming and inviting addition to any shelf or mantel.
Nothing says home sweet home like our whitewashed “home” sculpture. Handcrafted, it's set in a pretty, script type and is a charming and inviting addition to any shelf or mantel.
Sometimes all you need is one word to express how you feel, and our handcrafted wooden sculpture does just that, bringing your decor alive with simple yet sophisticatedly charming style.
Spread the love with our beautifully whitewashed wooden sculpture. It instantly adds charming romance to your shelf, mantel or desk, so you’ll adore it no matter where you put it.
Spread the love with our beautiful wooden sculpture. It instantly adds charming romance to your shelf, mantel or desk, so you’ll adore it no matter where you put it.
Sometimes all you need is one word to express how you feel, and our handcrafted wooden sculpture does just that, bringing your decor alive with simple yet sophisticatedly charming style.
We believe in the power of great interior decor to brighten your day, and our handcrafted sculpture, set in an eye-catching whitewash, does just that. With its inspirational message and charming design, it will be an instantly adored addition to your mantel, shelf or desk.
All it takes is a little encouragement to turn your day around, and our inspirational sculpture does just that. A lovely, handcrafted script spells out the word “hope” adding a little brightness to your day and extra-charming style to your decor.
We believe in the power of great interior decor to brighten your day, and our handcrafted sculpture does just that. With its inspirational message and charming design, it will be an instantly adored addition to your mantel, shelf or desk.
All it takes is a little encouragement to turn your day around, and our inspirational sculpture does just that. A lovely, handcrafted script spells out the word “hope” adding a little brightness to your day and extra-charming style to your decor.
Our sculpture suggests it’s better to laugh than cry. While that's always more fun, it's especially better when the message is delivered via this handcrafted wooden sign finished in a whitewash finish.
Our sculpture suggests it’s better to laugh than cry. While that's always more fun, it's especially better when the message is delivered via this handcrafted wooden sign.
Our sculpture serves up an appetizing directive that foodies are sure to find irresistible. Handcrafted of mango wood, it’s perfectly delish.
Our sculpture serves up an appetizing directive that foodies are sure to find irresistible. Handcrafted of mango wood with a painted whitewash finish, it’s perfectly delish.
Whether you’re serving lemon drops or lemonade, our handcrafted mango wood sculpture with a whitewash finish is a lot of fun to have around.
Whether you’re serving lemon drops or lemonade, our handcrafted mango wood sculpture is a lot of fun to have around.
Whether speaking to good times past or the promise of those to come, our handcrafted mango wood sculpture with a whitewash finish is made for good friends and fun.
Send a message of love with our sculpture that’s symbolic of big kisses and hugs. Handcrafted of mango wood, it makes a thoughtful gift or a sentimental addition when placed in a nursery, office or child’s room.
Send a message of love with our sculpture that’s symbolic of big kisses and hugs. Handcrafted of mango wood with whitewash finish, it makes a thoughtful gift or a sentimental addition when placed in a nursery, office or child’s room.
Whether speaking to good times past or the promise of those to come, our handcrafted mango wood sculpture is made for good friends and fun.
The best way to decorate is to find pieces that show off your personal style and the things that you love. Our “Family” word sculpture does just that. Handcrafted with a whitewash finish, it makes a sweet, sentimental addition to any shelf, dresser or tabletop.
While the ampersand can be traced back to the 1st century A.D., our "and" symbol has contemporary flair. Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and golden finish, our "&amp;" delivers modern glam with a cheeky sense of humor—hanging or sitting, alone or paired with another letter or symbol from our monogram collection.
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a ceramic letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and a painted finish. They’re the perfect complement to a variety of styles—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
Included as part of all modern keyboards and email addresses, the “at” sign—or asperand, apetail, atpersand or ampersat—can be traced to the 16th century. Why not incorporate this versatile piece of punctuation into your personal style? Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and painted finish, our little "@" delivers modern glam with a cheeky sense of humor—hanging or sitting, alone or paired with another letter or symbol from our monogram collection.
While the ampersand can be traced back to the 1st century A.D., our "and"symbol" has contemporary flair. Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and painted finish, our "&amp;" delivers modern glam with a cheeky sense of humor—hanging or sitting, alone or paired with another letter or symbol from our monogram collection.
There’s no better way to personalize a space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a ceramic letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and golden finish. They’re the perfect complement to a variety of styles—including yours—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
Included as part of all modern keyboards and email addresses, the “at” sign—or asperand, apetail, atpersand or ampersat—can be traced to the 16th century. Why not incorporate this versatile piece of punctuation into your personal style? Handcrafted with a solid earthenware core and golden finish, our little "@" delivers modern glam with a cheeky sense of humor—hanging or sitting, alone or paired with another letter or symbol from our monogram collection.
The best way to decorate is to find pieces that show off your personal style and the things that you love. Our “Family” word sculpture does just that. Handcrafted of wood in a casual script, it makes a sweet, sentimental addition to any shelf, dresser or tabletop.
This beauty is ready to make its maiden voyage into your office, living room or vacation home. Sharing your traveler’s spirit, our handcrafted sailboat is perfect as the centerpiece of your nautical theme. All aboard!
Elegant in its simplicity, our inspiring, golden leaf makes a striking vertical accent for an entryway or console table. It goes especially well with large paintings and mirrors. Exclusively Pier 1.
Forget matchy-matchy spaces. Our pair of impressive antlers is made to stand out and attract attention. Handcrafted of iron and painted a stunning champagne, it creates a unique focal point in your family room, entryway or den. Now that’s how you buck the trend.
Our tree combines the sleek look of aluminum with the warmth of nature and brings inviting sophistication to your interior style. Combine it with rougher, distressed textures to add interest to your space and enhance the feelings of warmth.
Wishbones represent a feeling of hope and evoke a sense of nostalgia that never gets old. Our aluminum wishbone makes an intriguing addition to your decorative spaces, bringing with it warmth, hope and feelings of home.
In the tradition of classic Bohemian pulled glass, popularized during the Art Nouveau era, our handblown red flame sculpture is a scrolling, organic study in pure form. No, we take that back. It does have one small function: To make your space look spectacular.
Created in an artful way, our glass rooster is at once whimsical and sophisticated. The fiery color scheme and soft shape give it a surprisingly elegant style that pops on any shelf or desk.
Weathered and shaped by the elements, our iron and mango wood tree of life will be a steadfast addition to your sculpture collection. Handcrafted with slight color variations, this little tree will stay rooted wherever you place it. Think mantel, office or family room. No pruning required.
It may be the elephant in the room, but it’s also a striking conversation piece. Our modern work of art is handcrafted of beautifully grained birch and situated on a rust-resistant iron platform. Go wild—showcase it on your desk, mantel or credenza.
Artfully handcrafted of bronze-colored metallic earthenware, our delightful sea-dweller will provide a splash of aquatic fun to any room. Known for their intelligence and social nature, dolphins crave companionship. So get smart and add this one to your collection today.
Artfully handcrafted or turquoise ceramic earthenware, our delightful sea-dweller will provide a splash of aquatic fun to any room. Known for their intelligence and social nature, dolphins crave companionship. So get smart and add this one to your collection today.
If you're looking for a more modern interpretation of the classic sailboat, you’re ship has come in. Our handcrafted, ceramic version has a silver-tone finish, so it gleams as it glides across your table or mantel.
You’re sure to find a place to display our gleaming, ceramic sculpture with its organic shapes and decidedly liquid metal look. Gorgeously reflective, it will pick up the colors of any room and make them shine. This is the beginning of some great conversations.
Now this is a horse of a different color. When you want to make a statement, our striking steed is ready to answer your call. Handcrafted in wrought iron so no two are exactly alike, it stands atop a substantial wood base and is ready to roam your entryway or console table.
Handcrafted of marble, our mysterious piece of art was created with only one purpose: To build circles of conversation during your next dinner party.
This sculpture brings a satisfying symmetry to the familiar form of an elephant and adds a multi-toned foil finish to the ceramic surface. A substantial presence in the midst of collectibles, especially on mantels and (wide) bookshelves.
How to improve your love life: Step 1, buy this silver heart sculpture and give it to your beloved. Step 2, check to be sure they place it on their desk—at home or at the office. Step 3, every day they see it they're reminded of what catch you are. Smooth operator.
Om sweet home. Our graceful feminine figure, hand-painted in espresso with an antiqued finish, will inspire meditations on how to create a peaceful environment in your home office or study.
This modern sloop redefines smooth sailing. Handcrafted of 100% aluminum, it adds sleek, nautical charm to your office or beach house. Or gift it to one of your best mates.
If you ever wanted a clear head, here's your chance. Made of molded recycled glass, this Pier 1 classic is great for funkifying décor, storing wigs or just keeping you company (aww). It wears a lot of hats, that nutty Recycled Glass Head.
Graceful and contemporary, this ceramic sculpture can add a modern twist to an otherwise traditional space. A great addition to a desk or mantel, this piece would make for an unexpectedly fantastic gift.
One thing is for certain: When you tell this gold terracotta dog to sit, he's guaranteed to stay. In fact, he might encourage you to do the same and join him in meditating. Either way, like any good pooch, he's most concerned with contributing to your happiness.
Meditate on this: Our gorgeous sitting Siddhartha is handcrafted of lava stone and will stimulate your inner chi while fostering peace and tranquility throughout your garden.
We know what you're thinking: That's a zebra? It looks like a giraffe. Also, when did concert tickets get so expensive? You've got a lot on your mind, so let's clear up one thing. It's a stylized zebra (see the stripes?), hand-carved by Indonesian artisans and standing 80" tall. Don't even get us started on the concert thing.
Fact: This 74”-tall giraffe is classic Pier 1 awesome sauce. Fact: It’s hand-carved from a single block of wood, hand-painted and hand-finished. Fact: It’s available exclusively at a Pier 1 near you. Bzzzz, wrong. It's available at other Pier 1 stores too.
Is your home décor looking a bit truncated? We've got the solution—our Crazy Weave Iron Elephant.
Who's afraid to stick their neck out? Definitely not this guy. Fact is, at 74" tall, he's not afraid of much. Completely hand-carved of sustainable albasia wood and finished in cream with metallic markings, he's ready to go fearlessly where no giraffe has gone before. Your house.
What’s the only thing cuter than one chubby baby elephant? Three of them. Increase the size of your family by four by bringing home this adorable stone elephant set, featuring a mama carrying three little ones on her back. The pecan brown color has an antique finish for added charm.
Want to jazz up your home? Just add some trumpet. Trunk raised, this artistic elephant is a real attention-grabber. Forged, crafted and painted by hand, it shines in any space—living room, entryway or study. And hits all the right notes.
We know a good thing when we see it. But this metal peacock is brilliant. Handcrafted and painted by Indonesian artisans, its eye-spotted tail fans out for a glorious display of beauty. Decorative fireplace ornament or credenza focal point? You decide.
For those who like the silent type, this handcrafted giraffe is a perfect match. Hand-carved from albasia wood, this tall drink of water knows how to make a stunning statement without uttering a single word.
Been a little down lately? What you need is our Lucky Buddha, Hotei. Made from solid volcanic stone, he's a cheerful little guy to have around the house or garden—and he's at Pier 1 now. See? Your luck is changing already.
Representations of the Buddha are always in one of four postures: Sitting, standing, walking or reclining. Our burnished Golden Buddha assumes the half-lotus Subduing Mara  or Calling the Earth to Witness seated posture. Note the upward-turned soles, elongated earlobes and contrasting palm placements. Handcrafted of architectural cast stone, it's an auspicious find.
Featuring hand-carved marine silhouettes, our Ship Wood Collection is crafted in India from genuine ship wood. Reclaimed from ships that traveled to exotic ports for generations, each decorative sculpture is given new life with all its blemishes and imperfections, which add to its beauty. Each piece is handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1 and bears a stamp of authenticity.
Our majestic elephant head won't be ignored. Instead, our handcrafted pachyderm, with a foiled metallic finish, will proudly serve as the focal point of a mantel, desk or occasional table. And, needless to say, it's unforgettable.
Although he’s heard it all his life, this tall drink of water never utters a complaint or slouches. Instead, he stoically reaches for the sky. Our hand-carved, albasia wood giraffe stands over 6’ tall and will gracefully add a sense of quiet height to your family room or den.
All is right in the pod. Our handcrafted albasia wood and cast iron sea-dwellers will provide a splash of aquatic fun to any room. Known for their intelligence and social nature, dolphins crave companionship. So get smart and add these to your collection today.
In Asia, the crane symbolizes longevity. So it should come as no surprise that our hand-carved albasia wood flock of cranes makes a long-lasting impression. This avian accent with a golden and bronze-colored mirrored finish can roost in any well-appointed home office or living room. Exclusively at Pier 1.
Our monk and elephant are enjoying a happy, peaceful nap—and you'll enjoy finding the perfect spot in your garden for this sweet pair to continue resting.
Handcrafted of fiberglass and stone, and finished in gold foil, our beautifully rendered Buddha depicts the spirit of generosity and reminds that by giving freely, one is destined to receive. Feng shui suggests Buddha sit facing an open room and when outside, in a position to greet guests.
Handcrafted of fiberglass and stone, and finished in verdigris, our beautifully rendered Buddha depicts the spirit of generosity and reminds that by giving freely, one is destined to receive. Feng shui suggests Buddha sit facing an open room and when outside, in a position to greet guests.
Handcrafted of fiberglass and stone, and finished in antiqued ivory, our beautifully rendered Buddha depicts the spirit of generosity and reminds that by giving freely, one is destined to receive. Feng shui suggests Buddha sit facing an open room and when outside, in a position to greet guests.
Nature goes glam with our golden leaf. Skilled artisans carve this botanical piece by hand from rich albasia wood. You know what that means, right? No matter the season, its lacquered finish and brilliant look will endure.
Our classic whale is hand-painted, then set atop a wooden base. Let it make a subtle splash in your home office, study, living room or family room.
Our majestic wooden seahorse has been carefully hand-painted, then set atop a wooden base. Let it hold court in your study, family room or living room.
Our washed-wood dolphin is poised to dive back in for another adventure in the sea. Hand-painted with a weathered, rustic finish, it's posed on a wooden base. Add this splash of the sea to your study or family room.
Our homage to the elephant is a statuesque specimen of intricate ironwork. Artisans shape and weave the wire by hand to create a sculpture inspired by nature.
Our mother giraffe and her baby will step lightly into your den, living room or entryway. Richly detailed, this sweet pair is finely hand-painted in metallic champagne and posed on a substantial base.
Although he’s heard it all his life, this tall drink of water never utters a complaint or slouches. Instead, he stoically reaches for the sky. Our hand-carved, albasia wood giraffe stands nearly 5’ tall and will gracefully add a sense of quiet height to your family room or den.
Capturing the true beauty of nature, our carved wood flower shines brightly atop a cast iron stand. It adds interest to entry tables and brightens up bedrooms. The boldest bloom in the garden, it's a shining centerpiece in any space.
Let nature shine with our hand-painted, shimmery metal tree. It features a sweet butterfly and a construction that creates movement on your wall.
What delightful surprises does our ornate box hold? Open the clasp to this handcrafted game box to reveal everything needed for a rousing game of chess, checkers, backgammon, ludo and solitaire. Your move.
Our set of three glitzy mini boxes decorated with beads and glitter make great little jewelry, notion or gift boxes.
Our mirrored box, decorated with beads, adds glitz to your dressing table or dresser. Use it for jewelry, notions or other treasures.
With a distressed blue finish and multiple storage compartments, this vintage wooden jewelry box is a girl's best friend (second only to diamonds, naturally). The lid opens to reveal a mirror and ring box, with four linen-blend-lined drawers to keep your valuables clean and two discreet side doors for necklace and bracelet storage. This could be the start of a beautiful friendship.
Inspired by our best-selling Hayworth Collection of furnishings, this beveled glass jewelry box is pure Hollywood glitz. The wood frame, finished in champagne, conceals three gray felt-lined drawers, swinging side doors with necklace hooks, and a large compartment under the upper lid complete with a mirror. Whether you have lots of precious loot, or just a few baubles, this piece makes a truly impressive statement on a dresser or in the boudoir.
Your treasures deserve a chest that’s as special as they—and you—are. Our Jacquard Jewelry Box, with hand-beading and hand-embroidery, includes a lift-out tray with three compartments and a large open compartment. You don’t need a jeweler’s loupe to recognize this box is a true gem.
Inspired by our best-selling Hayworth Collection, our beveled glass jewelry box is pure Hollywood glitz. The wood frame, finished in champagne, conceals five fabric-lined drawers, swinging side doors with necklace hooks and a large compartment under the upper lid complete with a mirror. Whether you have lots of precious loot, or just a few baubles, this piece makes a truly impressive statement on a dresser or in the boudoir.
Inspired by our best-selling Hayworth Collection of furnishings, this beveled glass jewelry box is pure Hollywood glitz. The wood frame conceals three drawers and a large compartment under the upper lid complete with a mirror. Whether you have lots of precious loot, or just a few baubles, this piece makes a truly impressive statement on a dresser or in the boudoir.
Thinking outside the box is your forte, right? Ours, too. Handcrafted with generous interior space and antiqued cast iron edging, our box can be filled with your most treasured keepsakes, letters and photos. Or whatever else you think up.
Our eco-smart decorative Willow Sphere is a simple yet oh-so-stylish way to add a "green" touch to your home. This natural willow ball is unvarnished and looks fabulous in groups. Arrange several in a contrasting basket or bowl, or use them to practice juggling. Preferably not both at the same time.
Decorating with Foil Terracotta Spheres 101: Place an odd number of the decorative, hand-painted spheres into a shallow bowl, basket, clear glass vase, wooden tray, candleholder, miniature bird bath or anything else that will hold them. Go to the head of the class.
The beauty of a ceramic foil vase all rolled up in a sphere. Group several of these rich-colored, peacock-inspired spheres together or with other coordinating spheres in a bowl, platter or basket. You don’t have to tell the vase.
First you get a bowl at Pier 1. Then you arrange several decorative foil spheres inside, and check it out. Now put it on the table and turn yourself around. That's what it's all about.
Handcrafted and finished in gold and silver leaf, this sphere almost glows beneath its hand-painted glaze. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases, create unique centerpieces.
Add our lovely lace sphere to your collection in a bowl or glass vase to provide an elegant touch.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with our decorative spheres. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with our decorative sphere. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with a Pier 1 decorative sphere. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with our decorative spheres. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
A sphere-shaped boxwood may be ironic, but it’s also quite charming. Just add a few of these handcrafted faux botanicals to a bowl or vase for a garden-inspired touch.
How many grains of sand are in this sphere? We’d guess over ten thou-sand.  But seriously, this handcrafted beachy ball gives any room a coastal touch. Just display a couple in a basket or bowl (we have those, too). Sandsational.
Talk about global. This colorful imported sphere is made from hand-painted ceramic and hand-foiled with genuine gold leaf. Group several in a large bowl or basket and you're in for a world of happy.
A species of banana native to the Philippines, abaca is highly sought for its soft, silky fibers. Though it is cultivated for everything from tea bags to banknotes, our artisans have hand-woven the fibers into a decorative rope sphere. Arrange several in a contrasting basket or bowl for a naturally rustic look.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with our decorative spheres. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
Mix our handblown glass acorn with decorative spheres and create unique centerpieces and tablescapes.
Create unique centerpieces and tablescapes with our decorative spheres. Mix and match, fill bowls or clear glass vases and enjoy.
We’re all explorers at heart, so venture off the beaten path with our stylish iron globe. Artfully handcrafted for an industrial vibe and powder-coated for durability, it makes a strong statement piece—and can put your study, library or living room on the map.
Abroad, your accent gets noticed, but at home, your accent pieces do. So add our glass globe to your office or living room. Featuring an antiqued finish for a timeless look and supported by a sturdy iron stand, it makes a world-class gift or a great conversation starter about your travels.
Display your favorite books proudly with our glass bookends. Crafted by hand with a silvery mirrored finish and jeweled surface, they represent the perfect marriage of style and practicality.
While the ancient Romans were the first to consider wishbones a symbol of good fortune, modern cultures have carried on the tradition. Splitting a wishbone evenly down the middle, for instance, is considered good luck for everyone. Bring home this auspicious tradition in the form of our golden, mirrored bookends—perfectly split, sophisticated and exclusive to Pier 1.
As this planet turns, it’s important to update our decor with a globe that reflects our ability to travel it in style. Like this one, with its polished aluminum frame and aero-sculpture poised to fly off the desk and into the imagination.
Our modern interpretation of a vintage astronomical instrument, this Mosaic Glass Armillary is a one-of-a-kind addition to your home office. Handcrafted of rust-resistant iron, its stunning mosaic rings encircle a central sphere. Clearly, we think the world of it.
Remember the first time you read a book that you didn't want to end? Our handsome Elephant Bookends, finished with gleaming silver paint, will playfully corral your most favorite and important texts on a desk, mantel, shelf or table.
Crafted of resin and stone, and finished in antique ivory, our decorative antler bookends bring a naturally attractive element to your office, den or study. No longer just for rustic decor, antlers are now seen as accent pieces in contemporary settings, offering an unexpected juxtaposition to sleek and modern furniture, as well as more traditional looks.
Content to meditate over a good book collection, this handcrafted stoneware pair of Buddha bookends is in search of a bookshelf. Perhaps you, or your favorite booklover, could help them find the way?
You've got Galileo to thank for this gorgeous thermometer. Mouth-blown and calibrated to have each piece float or sink in response to the air temperature, this can make for an interesting conversation piece at home or at work. That, and it's fascinating to look at.
Glimmering and shimmering, this hourglass, with a mercury finish, not only looks stunning but can keep track of the hour. Decorative, functional and a great gift idea? Hello.
It’s pretty hard to remember all the wonderful stories and books you’ve read. Maybe using never-forgetting elephant bookends will help. OK, it probably won’t. But they’re still very cool, glazed stoneware bookends that will bring a little global flavor to your shelves, right?
If you're ever at work and catch yourself watching the clock, we recommend this vintage-inspired desk model imprinted with "Printania Hotel Paris." Because we all need a little something to daydream about. Like a vacation.
They say time flies but now we know that it instead travels by bike. If you'd like to enjoy some quality time, though, find someone special and park this novel design in a gift box just for them. They'll be moved.
Behold, our best-selling tabletop clock—reimagined with an antiqued brown finish. It's the perfect bedside accessory, or for keeping track of the hours when placed on a mantel, table or shelf.
It’s time to embrace farmhouse chic. We love this trend so much, we decided to craft a vintage-style clock that’s a statement piece. Perfect for placing atop a console table or in your study.
Pigs are among the smartest of all domesticated animals so it’s not surprising that our Pig Clock keeps time front and center for you. This battery-operated timepiece can take up residence in your kitchen or family room or on your covered patio. Have a friend who swoons for swine? Our clock would make a great gift.
Our Rooster Clock won’t awaken you at dawn, but it will share the hour (and minute) anytime. This battery-operated timepiece can take up residence in your kitchen or family room or on your covered patio. Have a friend who roots for roosters? Our clock would make a great gift.
Home is where the clock is—especially in the case of this rustic wooden accent piece. A real working clock is imbedded in the word "Home," creating fun for home (natch), cabin or beach house.
Modeled after the penny-farthing bicycle of the 1880s, our elegant clock is hardly limited to Victorian-style decor. Thanks to its large, readable face and silvery finish, this timepiece will brighten a kitchen, study or bedroom in a broad range of styles. Time for a test ride?
Our clock may look retro, but it comes fully loaded with faux leather steering wheel, glossy metal detailing and meticulous handcraftsmanship. It’s the perfect addition to your office, game room or den.
Minimalist in design, our marble clock features an aluminum frame. Stylish and sleek, the hands of time never looked so good.
They say time is circular. Well, they clearly need to get a look at our mirrored rectangular clock. Its clean lines, sturdy craftsmanship and timeless finish change everything. Well, the look of your bookshelf, mantel or office, anyway.
You know what’s better than a clock with jeweled movements? A clock with a jeweled setting. Our little gem of a clock features two rows of acrylic stones that do more to dress up the time of day than anything else on your bedside table.
As if in gentle reminder of the passing of the seasons, our elegantly styled clock sits perfectly in the branches of a shiny aluminum tree. Ideal for a desk or shelf, it’s a charming piece in any spot where it plants its roots.
Doesn’t everyone deserve a piece of the beach? We thought so too. Let the sounds of our windchimes—handcrafted from capiz shells from the Filipino island of the same name—wash over you as they hang perfectly in the corner of your patio.
The earliest chandeliers were used by the wealthy in medieval times—typically a wooden cross with candles secured to it. But we’ve got a more modern (and fire-safe) idea. Our ornate, handcrafted windchimes are covered with glow-in-the-dark beads, making them reminiscent of early chandeliers. With plenty of bells, gongs and teardrop jewels, it’s a great way to glam up a windy day.
Hear that? It’s the sounds of the islands, and you don’t need a plane ticket to listen. Simply hang these iridescent capiz shell windchimes and let the natural melodies of the tropics take you away.
Spread a little sunshine and a sense of enchantment with these colorful wind chimes. The metal bells twinkle in the breeze, the shimmering glass casts a dancing glow and the LED radiates a happy attitude.
With wings made of beads set on top of classic chimes, our sculpted iron butterfly was made to take your patio or indoor area to new heights. Plus, it's equipped with an LED so it will really shine.
Wind chimes were once thought to ward off evil spirits, so it seems fitting to offer a modern version in the likeness of a guardian angel. Hang these on your covered porch or patio and see light dancing off the beads as bells sing in the breeze. That's the sound of serenity.
It’s a rare treat to witness a seahorse fresh out of water. Ours enjoys swaying in the breeze, making beautiful music and using its solar-powered lights at night. Yes, rare indeed.
Hanging beneath an understated Japanese-style top are beautiful iron seagulls crafted with the same precision and beauty as the time-honored art of origami. They’ll definitely bring a bit of Zen to your garden.
What a beautiful bouquet! Featuring sculptured roses, beads and bells, our handcrafted wind chimes will sing the beauty of nature on your covered patio. And unlike their inspiration, these roses won't drop their petals and don't have thorns.
Bring peace to your home with the tranquil sounds of our modern windchimes. Handcrafted with a metal top piece, they soak up the power of the sun to give your patio or garden an enchanting twinkle of light each night.
See your room in a different light when you hang our Wind Bells Chandelier. Handcrafted, it features beads that glow in the dark.
The soothing sound of windchimes may help create a positive energy flow and calm the mind. Our large, modern chimes are designed with multilength aluminum rods and a pine tagine top piece, clapper and windcatcher for optimum resonance. Perfect for patio, garden or porch, as well as daily meditation practice.
Six slender aluminum tubes and a shiny silver windcatcher create exceptionally beautiful tones at the slightest breeze. Simple streamlined design and polished metal finish make our handcrafted windchimes look as divine as they sound.
Handcrafted of rust-resistant aluminum and finished in a striking copper finish, our wind chimes have been precision-tuned so their song is as beautiful as they are. Hang them inside or outside, and listen to the amazing concert they’ll create.
Peacocks are well-known for their natural beauty. Our peacock-inspired chimes make a beautiful sight and sound—the soft tinkling of colorful capiz in the breeze. Just what you need to complete your personal oasis. Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1.
Look what just landed at the pier. Carefully sculpted from iron and glass, our wind chimes make a unique focal point for your patio. The crane's tail feathers house the solar panel, and its glass bead neck artistically captures the light. A convenient on/off switch gives you control over when it lights up.
Thanks to their sure and steady nature and tried-and-true self-defense techniques, turtles are powerful totems for protection. Hang our solar-powered LED wind chimes near your front or back door, where they will capture the wind—and the sunlight.
Perched on our tranquil wind chimes is a little handcrafted blue jay surrounded by a sturdy iron heart and colorful blue beads. Hang these solar-powered LED wind chimes near your front or back door, where they will capture the wind—and the sunlight.
Hear that? It’s the sounds of the islands, and you don’t need a plane ticket to hear them. Simply hang our iridescent capiz shell wind chimes and let the natural melodies of the tropics take you away. Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1.
Our LED pelican soaks up the sun during the day to light up your night. Place it solo on the patio, or add a few more for fun, energy-efficient lighting.
Our LED flamingo soaks up the sun during the day to light up your night. Place it solo on the patio, or add a few more for fun, energy-efficient lighting.
Made of iron with mesh accents as feathers, our flamingo is an utterly unique specimen. Colorful and especially statuesque, it's destined to elicit smiles and become a must-see neighborhood attraction.
Our LED crane soaks up the sun during the day to light up your night. Place it solo on the patio, or add a few more for fun, energy-efficient lighting.
This big guy is going nowhere fast—not that you'd want him to. Our large Terracotta Tortoise, handcrafted and intricately detailed, adds an exotic touch to your covered patio or porch.
Don’t bother fishing for compliments about your patio decor—our adorable aquatic creature will earn “oohs” and “aahs” all on its own. Handcrafted and painted by hand with green fins and multidimensional blue scales, this is one catch you won’t want to throw back.
Elephants were once the chosen carriage for kings in India. Our smaller rendition can't pack a large load, but it can display some greenery with aplomb. Made of etched and hand-painted terracotta, and boasting considerable heft, this majestic plant stand is best suited for indoor or covered outdoor use.
Who knew an amphibian could be so darn cute? This best-seller is back and waiting to hop on home with you. He could be a prince, but in the meantime, he's golden.
In Thailand, where our wise terracotta bird was crafted by hand, it’s bad luck for owls to fly over your roof. But perched on a deck or windowsill? That’s a whole different story. This weighty, one-of-a-kind hooter makes a great companion for patio lounging and keeping garden pests away.
Kneeling with reverently clasped hands, our praying garden angel is symbolic of peace, faith and hope. Hand-cast in antiqued white stone—and of considerable heft—she will no doubt sit seeking divine guidance for years to come.
Even among amphibians, motherhood has the power to elicit “oohs” and “aahs,” and our mama frog holding her young one on her lap is no exception. Handcrafted of terracotta with a patina finish, our tall statue will watch over your garden, patio or kitchen with maternal calm.
With her arms crossed in reverence, our tranquil garden angel can watch over your backyard beautifully. Hand-cast in antiqued white stone—and of considerable heft—she will deliver peace and hope for years to come.
Prince Charming or a wayward dreamer? That's open to interpretation, but we do know our handsome terracotta frog is content to kick back and relax on a patio or porch near you. Finished in a pretty patina, he's well-dressed to boot.
No lamp, no problem. Our clever, deconstructed light bulb brings an industrial-chic sensibility to your home decor. Powered by the sun and fitted with blinking LEDs, it’s a stylish and clever way to light up a small space.
Who knew an amphibian could be so darn cute? This bestseller is back and waiting to hop on home with you. We don't know if he's a prince, but he's certainly charming.
When the sun goes down, your garden doesn’t have to be left in the dark. Put our solar-powered stone sign in your garden, on the patio or in your sunroom, and your beautiful plants and flowers will be illuminated day and night.
Also known as egrets and bitterns, herons are a highly mobile species And while our statuesque, handcrafted iron bird may not be soaring through the clouds anytime soon, it will take your outdoor decor to new heights.
Look what just flew in to Pier 1. Carefully sculpted from iron and painted by hand, our Solar Heron Garden Stake makes a unique focal point for your garden. Its tail feathers spin as the wind blows, and its recycled-glass belly glows in the dark after being powered all day by the sun. And an on/off switch gives you control over when it lights up.
These caged birds may not sing, but, boy, will they glow. Perched inside a handcrafted, antique white birdcage with intricate fleur-de-lis detailing, our charming chirpers add a touch of class to any garden. After charging in the sun all day, the crackled crystal ball between them will glow a variety of colors all night—a great complement to the moonlight.
Look what just flew in to Pier 1. Give our solar garden stake its moment in the sun, and it'll reward you with a colorful display. Line some up along the sidewalk or put a few on the patio for fun, energy-efficient lighting. An on/off switch lets you control when it lights up.
Our charming metal fountain is a must-have for any nature lover. In rustic earth tones with a lustrous finish, it features a winding center vine that recirculates water from the bottom to the top. It's perfect for a patio or family room.
Thanks to their resilience and beauty, water lilies have always been a symbol of rebirth and optimism. That’s what inspired our charming earthenware fountain, which features a reactive green glaze and four realistically etched lily pads. Water flows gently from leaf to leaf and recirculates continuously—not unlike the beautiful water lilies that return year after year.
Here’s a bright idea: A fountain that’s as easy on the ears as it is on the eyes. Our sleek black fountain is painted by hand, with ridges from top to bottom that give recirculating water the sound and look of falling rain—perfect for creating a peaceful spot.
Your cup runneth over—that’s a good thing. In fact, that’s precisely the point with our tiered fountain, made of lustrous earthenware. It can be used indoors or out—anywhere you want to be awash in a sense of peace and good fortune.
It may not be as grandiose as the Trevi, but our miniature fountain makes quite an impression. The crackled green glaze is undeniably calming, as is the sound of water flowing from one pagoda-style basin to the next. See? Quite the impression.
With reverently clasped hands, our praying garden angel is symbolic of peace, faith and hope. Cast in ivory stone, she will no doubt add an air of divine guidance for years to come.
Bring home a carefree beach vibe without tracking in sand. Our coastal-inspired yard stake is a must-have for any sea lover, with a beaded, dual-toned clamshell that’s powered by the sun and stays continuously lit.
A little bird told us there is some serious style headed your way. Our coastal-inspired metal shorebird will stand tall and proud from a cozy perch in your yard, greeting passersby with its bright LEDs. What’s more, it’s solar-powered—which means less work for you.
Seahorses may be the slowest moving fish in the world, but this little guy is a quick way to liven up your backyard decor. He’s crafted by hand from glazed white ceramic, and at 2 feet tall, he’s sure to get noticed next to a door or garden path.
Aristotle once referred to an artichoke as kaktos—or cactus—but there’s nothing thorny about our whimsical garden finial. Crafted of hefty poly stone and painted by hand with a distressed white finish, it’s a great way to put your personality on display.
Resting but alert, this feathered fella gives any room a coastal touch. And keeps an eye on it, too. Because our handcrafted iron pelican is one well-mannered water bird.
This fantastic tabletop fountain looks like a sleek ceramic sculpture. A small electric pump recirculates water from bottom to top, creating the soothing sound of trickling water that's endlessly appealing.
In Asia, the crane symbolizes longevity. But that should come as no surprise. After all, our handcrafted crane makes a long-lasting impression. This avian accent with a teal patina can roost inside or on a covered patio.
A scene that depicts mom and her fledglings is often heartwarming, and this handcrafted porcelain birdfeeder does not disappoint. It makes a thoughtful gift for the avid gardener or nature lover on your list. Set it on a patio table, windowsill or near flower beds, and you'll have the neighborhood birds all a-twitter.
Aristotle once referred to an artichoke as kaktos—or cactus—but there’s nothing thorny about our whimsical bird bath. Crafted of hefty poly stone and painted by hand with a distressed white finish, it’s a great way to put your personality on display and invite birds into your garden.
Call it a bird feeder or a bird bath, but we suggest it’s a hand-painted sculpture worthy of display in the most bucolic of gardens. A wrought iron base climbs up to an oversized leaf basin that’s sure to beckon more than a few feathered friends. And once the twittering begins, your yard promises to be the most popular on the block.
Even the most discerning birds will flock to this bird bath. But this handcrafted beauty won't just attract the attention of your avian friends. With its nature-inspired design and gorgeous glazed finish, it will draw the gaze of everyone who visits.
Frogs like splashing in water, so it's no surprise that our terracotta amphibian is willing to provide a decorative bath for his feathered friends. Handcrafted and finished in a lustrous golden patina—with a lily pad bowl in his hands—he assures happy landings.
Frogs happen to like splashing in the water, so it's no surprise this terracotta guy is willing to provide a decorative bath for his feathered friends. Handcrafted, finished in a lustrous patina and cradling the bowl with a serene expression, he assures happy landings.
The earliest bird baths were mere depressions in the ground. We’ve come a long way since then. Our ceramic bird bath is crafted with coastal flavor in mind, molded by hand and gently glazed to realistically resemble a seashell. Get ready to have the most popular garden on the block.
In Thailand, where our wise terracotta bird was crafted by hand, it’s bad luck for owls to fly over your roof. But perched in your garden? That’s a whole different story. This weighty, one-of-a-kind bird feeder makes a great companion for patio lounging and keeping visiting birds happy.
Our handcrafted cast stone bird feeder depicts a heartwarming scene of mom and her fledgling. It makes a thoughtful gift for the avid gardener or nature lover on your list. Set it on a patio table, windowsill or near flower beds, and you'll have the neighborhood birds all atwitter.
Kneeling and holding a generous offering bowl, our tranquil garden angel is going to make fast friends with your backyard birds. Hand-cast in antiqued white stone—and of considerable heft—she will deliver peace, hope and birdseed (not included) for years to come.
If only entertaining guests were this easy. Handcrafted of terracotta with a patina finish, our frog bird feeder introduces the laid-back way to serve the neighborhood's fair-feathered friends. Buy two—one for you and one for your frog-loving friend.
Our baby frog, happily sitting on a lily pad, looks like it’s ready to discuss life’s big questions. Who am I? Why am I here? When do we eat? Handcrafted of terracotta with a patina finish, it’s perfect for bringing smiles to your kitchen window, patio table or office desk.
Our canine can’t fetch, but he’ll definitely sit and stay while beckoning the neighborhood birds to splash in his bath. Handcrafted of resin and stone, and finished in antique white, he's well-suited to sit indoors or out.
These are some big boots to fill. Thankfully, our ceramic galoshes are a proven best-seller and can stand up to a torrential downpour while showing off your favorite plant in imaginative style.
Give herbs and small vegetables the coastal treatment with our charming planter. Handcrafted ceramic with a sleek reactive glaze, it features a scrolled seashell handle for easy transport and easy style.
Granted, our handcrafted terracotta planter is a frog worth kissing. But no matter how many smooches you plant, he'll never be a prince. On the other hand, if you're looking for your soul frog, welcome to happily ever after
Our ceramic plant stand has been gracefully handcrafted to give you a sophisticated prop for your favorite plant—inside or out. Plus, it can do double duty as a side table and will look just as pretty sporting a frosty cold one as it does supporting a philodendron.
Aristotle once referred to an artichoke as kaktos—or cactus—but there’s nothing thorny about our whimsical planter. Crafted of hefty poly stone  and painted by hand with a distressed white finish, it’s perfect for growing herbs and small vegetables.
Created by hand and finished with hand-applied gold leaf, our shimmering ceramic vase has a one-of-a-kind look typically found in galleries. But it's made for your home, where you can feel free to set your own exhibit hours.
We've said it before: Vases make great gifts. And if it's a handcrafted, hand-painted foil vase, in captivating shades of green and blue, you've just stepped things up to a whole new level. Add a few reeds or faux florals, and your generosity becomes legendary.
With its dramatic stature, warm golden finish and simple yet imaginative design, this vase is destined to become a classic. Pick one—or two—up today. It's easy to do, since it has handles.
It isn’t from the Bronze Age, but it’s an interesting artifact in its own right. Artisans handcraft this striking vase, meticulously placing individual squares of golden foil over the entire surface, then lacquering it for durability and to enhance the metallic sheen. It’s wholly appropriate to display it on a mantel, in an entryway or even in a corporate office.
Found: The perfect addition to your diverse collection. Our unconventional vase evokes a bohemian sensibility, and the hand-painted, champagne-tone finish looks even more gorgeous filled with faux floral stems.
As if frozen in the middle of movement, our icy blue, ombre vase is a cool addition to any shelf or table. Fill it with dramatic dry florals, pair it with smooth, shiny metals or add contrast by combining it with natural tones and textures; it's striking in any decor.
We like it filled with some feathery grass or light-toned blooms, and we love the look of two framing a favorite table or doorway. Either way, our handcrafted floor vase brings natural elements and artisanal style to your favorite corner or nook.
Elegant in its simplicity, our ridged pitcher stands out among your favorite colorful baubles and perfectly complements metallic toned décor items. Enhance a shelf with its old-world charm or create the foundation for an amazing tablescape.
Slatted to create a completely unique look, our handcrafted wood vase sets your decorative style apart. Whether you fill it with dry florals or let it stand alone, this piece creates an uncommon look that’s perfect for any home.
Inspired by the Greek amphora and carefully handcrafted by Portuguese artisans, our terracotta vase offers plenty of ancient appeal. And its classic good looks are just as irresistible today. Fill it with dry florals, display it on your table or give it to a dear friend.
An ode to French Country decor, our Fromage Collection features hand-painted earthenware vases that are perfect for displaying faux floral arrangements. Looking for a bright idea? Try using one to store spatulas and cooking utensils.
Like its namesake flower that grows toward the sun, our charming terracotta vase brings summer cheer to any room in your home. It’s handcrafted by our Philippine artisans, then painted by hand in bright, nature-inspired hues. Fill it with dried florals (even other sunflowers) or let it stand alone on a mantel or tabletop.
If your style’s raison d’etre, and it involves looks that are sophisticated yet flirty, practical yet romantic, then this vase will do just fine. Crafted in the Philippines of terracotta with a hand-painted antiqued white glaze, it features scrolled arms reminiscent of Louis XVI-era architecture. Fill with dried florals for added charm, and just like that—j’adore.
Bring home a touch of chateau-style romance with our terracotta vase. Handcrafted in the Philippines and painted by hand, it delivers pastoral charm from mantels and tabletops—with or without dried florals.
For most of us, a country general store is something we’ve only heard or read about, but our earthenware vase pays homage to this nostalgic piece of our heritage. Hand-painted and handcrafted, no two are exactly alike. You’ll find a place for this treasure in your kitchen, entryway or family room.
Reap the rewards of rustic farmhouse style with our charming terracotta vase. Crafted in a classic shape, it features an ivory glaze and iron handles. Use it to display dry floral arrangements or as an accent piece on its own and harvest the compliments.
A celebration of nature, our earthenware vase is crafted, embossed and painted by hand. Embellished with decorative dragonflies, it’s an elegant statement piece on its own or combined with our faux florals.
This vase doesn't need blooms since it's already covered with beautiful, sculpted blossoms. However, if you wish to go all out, you could include colorful faux flowers or dried grasses for the ultimate display or gift. You overachiever, you.
Classic French script and a medallion seal create the Provencal look of this rustic vase collection. Made of handcrafted ceramic, in rich, earthen hues, the urns create a compelling focal point when displayed in multiples on the floor or patio, as well as individually set atop a table.
Classic French script and a medallion seal create the Provencal look of this rustic vase. Made of handcrafted ceramic, in rich, earthen hues, the urn creates a compelling focal point when displayed in multiples on the floor or patio, as well as individually set atop a table.
Instant room changer: A bold, over-sized ceramic vase covered in naturally iridescent mother of pearl and a gleaming lacquer finish.
Good thing capiz is naturally abundant. There are so many ways to show off its shimmer. Crafted by hand, this table vase features rows of rectangular shells embedded in earthenware and finished with a smooth lacquer. Well, actually, the look isn't complete until it's set atop your table. Whether you fill it with dried florals or leave perfectly well alone, that's where your decorative genius comes into play.
Good thing capiz is naturally abundant. There are so many ways to show off its shimmer. Crafted by hand, this vase features rows of square shells embedded in earthenware and finished with a smooth lacquer. Well, actually, the look isn't complete until it's set atop your table. Whether you fill it with dried florals or leave perfectly well alone, that's where your decorative genius comes into play.
Handcrafted by skilled artisans, each mother-of-pearl bead is set in ceramic to highlight the natural beauty of this tall ivory vase. Use it for decorative flowers and faux greenery, or let its classic beauty speak for itself.
Rows of hand-placed, mother-of-pearl rectangles create the distinct look of this large lacquered vase. Top it with dried floral branches—or not. Either way, it's destined to become the showpiecede of any room where it comes to rest.
The next best thing to an actual archaeological find, our mother-of-pearl floor vase is timeless. It is individually hand-inlaid with naturally iridescent, rectangular shell pieces over a bamboo core, so no two are exactly alike. Top it with dried floral branches—or not. It’s destined to become a showpiece either way.
It’s a good thing capiz is naturally abundant, because we just can’t get enough shimmer. Add an exotic touch to your living room or entryway with this leaf-shaped vase, handcrafted with hundreds of iridescent capiz shells over a sturdy base. Filled with dried florals or not, it’s a real stunner.
Our stunning handcrafted vase brings focus to your favorite decorative spaces. Tiny pieces of capiz shell are handcrafted to create a beautiful checkered pattern on the uniquely eye-catching circular design. It’s an easy way to bring your sophisticated style to light.
Set your style on shimmer with our handcrafted vase, featuring tiny capiz shell tiles falling elegantly down to its base. Capiz shell adds its signature shine to the traditional style silhouette to create an eye-catching piece that makes even an otherwise empty shelf exciting.
Our glitzy vase punctuates your space with a dose of glamour. Covered with mother-of-pearl buttons and handcrafted into a perfectly fluid shape, this piece really shines.
Our mother-of-pearl urn is the next best thing to an archaeological find. Handcrafted of natural iridescent shell so no two are exactly alike, its timeless appeal goes with traditional or contemporary decor.
Fully functional and supremely elegant, this unique vase has earned its beautiful metallic and dark glossy stripes. Better sit it in a place of honor.
There's something soothing and unique about this terracotta floor vase finished with an ocean-blue patina. Look closely and you might notice the pale turquoise color has flecks of black and bronze scattered throughout—and that the silver leaf mouth delivers gorgeous contrast. Fill it with dried florals or simply set it in full view of the room to be ogled and admired.
Oversized, hand-painted, antiqued—this terracotta vase adds more than visual interest to a corner or hearth. It suggests a little history and artwork, too. Just like that.
We’re not sure where to begin to describe our lovely terracotta floor vase. First, notice the unique, handcrafted quality. Then, take in the etched, scrolled ivy motif and the rustic-looking finish. And who could miss the graceful shape and  generous size? It will look perfect in that empty corner or framing your fireplace. Yes, lovely.
Make a brilliant vertical statement with our terracotta floor vase. Handcrafted and hand-painted a dazzling gold by Indonesian artisans, its distinctive silhouette adds a bit of bohemian flair from ground level up. Perfect for holding your tall dry floral arrangements.
Give your faux floral arrangement a sense of glamour with our golden floor vase. Handcrafted of textured terracotta and hand-painted a gleaming metallic, this decorative accent is a statement piece alone or in pairs.
When you need to make a statement, our beautiful patina vase is a stunning start. Brilliant in a corner or filled with dry florals, it shines with any decor and adds warm, rich hues to your space.
Whether you need something to fill an empty corner or you’re looking to add some color to an already created display, our pale green Patina Floor Vase is the perfect pick. The stunning color and fluid shape create an eye-catching space wherever it’s placed.
If you could take the sunset and turn it into a floor vase, it would be our beautiful, handcrafted terracotta vase. Brilliant in a corner space or filled with dry florals, it shines with any decor and adds warm, rich hues to your room.
We’ve taken the bright hues of the tropics and harnessed them in the perfect vase to add to those decorative spaces in need of eye-catching appeal. Whether filled with some dramatic dry florals or left on its own, this brilliant piece makes a stunning statement in any spot.
In a medley of colors and sizes, our faux florals need a place to call home. Create a custom arrangement and showcase it in our handcrafted terracotta floor vase. With a warm patina finish, each vase is a one of a kind.
Hand-carved to look as if it was wrapped in leaves, our hand-painted vase has an unique style that’s adds a distinct texture to your decorative spaces. Evoking the majesty of the jungle, it’s the perfect place to display your favorite bunch of dried floral.
If you could take the ocean and turn it into a floor vase, it would be our beautiful, handcrafted terracotta vase. Gorgeous in a corner or filled with dry florals, it shines with any decor and adds deep, rich hues to your room.
Red is ravishing whether it’s a dazzling evening dress or our shimmery, Metallic Floor Vase. Sparkling from top to bottom and wearing our favorite color, this vase instantly brings sophisticated style to your home.
Our favorite things feature a perfectly worn feel, just like our vase featuring a copper patina and an Old World-inspired shape. It’s a handcrafted slice of style that fits right into your empty space.
Now that’s a statement. In no time, this grand terracotta vase will weave its way into classic status no matter where you place it. Its copper-colored top and unique patina finish add a touch of Old World charm while keeping your decor ahead of the curve.
Shaped by hand, our ceramic urn is ready to bring relaxed, seaside style to your home or vacation cottage. Its French inscription, cross-hatch texture and hand-applied, antiqued color create interest on mantels, by doorways or as the centerpiece in a breezy, seasonal display. An impressive gift for a weekend hostess.
Inspired by the palace-style amphorae used to transport wine and dry goods in ancient Greece, our three-handled floor vase delivers classical grandeur to your living room or entryway. In addition to its striking silhouette, it features subtle linear carving and a distressed, hand-painted patina—a grand solution for showing off dried florals.
Once used for shipping and storing wine, the classic amphora vase boasts a proud heritage dating back to at least 6000 B.C. Our decorative Bella pays tribute with its authentic shape, handcrafted terracotta construction and characteristic markings. Use alone as a timeless and versatile accent, or fill with dried stems and flowers.
Looking fresh from an archaeological dig, Bella is a replica of an ancient Greco-Roman style vase. Handcrafted of terracotta, its weathered red pigmentation and waxed finish recreate the beautiful aged patina of a well-preserved artifact.
The hand-painted, hand-carved design of our terracotta vase evokes the character of an archeological find and blends it with a stunningly simple modern vibe. This makes it the perfect piece to frame your fireplace or bring a boring corner to life.
This gleaming, silvery, handcrafted terracotta urn could be that one signature piece that takes your space all the way from I-don't-know-what to je ne sais quoi. And that's a long way. (Don't you love it when we speak French?)
Do you love this vase as much as we do? Tall, lustrous, unapologetically bold—it's terracotta stepping fearlessly outside traditional earthly bounds into a brave new silvery world of hammered and etched metal. Own one if you dare.
The spectacular Diamond Cut Vase reminds us of you—multifaceted, statuesque, radiant, handcrafted, bold, good-looking in an entryway, etc. The analogy gets a little shaky at hand-silvered ceramic, but you can't have everything.
Shimmering with the colors of a breathtaking sunset, this tall terracotta vase was handcrafted by traditional artisans in Indonesia. It’s left to dry naturally in the open air before being baked in a wood-fired kiln. Once fired, it’s hand-painted—and since each vase is crafted individually, no two are exactly alike.
We search the globe to bring you fine decorative pieces like this hand-painted terracotta floor vase from Indonesia. Created by hand and finished with a brilliant blue patina and thin bronze stripes, it turns any room into an awe-worthy gallery. Fill it with dried reeds or faux florals to complete the look, though it’s stunning enough to garner “oohs” and “aahhs” on its own.
Our orange platter features an impressive mosaic design, and perched atop its sleek stand, it’s ready to make your space glow with artfully handcrafted style.
Add visual interest to a table or bookshelf with this oversized, exotic ivory platter, covered with shimmering capiz shells and resting on a lacquered brown stand. When your awed guests ask you where it came from, you can name an exotic locale. Sure, it stopped at Pier 1 on the way—but that’s our little secret.
Beauty truly does come in all shapes in sizes. Handcrafted from white and silver tile, this big, round and beautiful mosaic platter sits confidently atop a shimmering iron base, making it the star attraction for any mantel.
Turn a mantel, shelf or niche into a stunning focal point. This beautiful mosaic platter on a bronze finished stand is handcrafted and assembled with shattered silver and gold glass. The results are simply smashing.
Add visual interest to a table or bookshelf with this multicolor glass mosaic platter on an iron base. But be prepared, everyone who sees it is going to want to know where you found it. Smile and tell them it came from an exotic faraway place. Only you will know your journey took you to Pier 1.
Plagued with a naked niche? Nothing fills a decorative void quite like our glass mosaic platters. This one features turquoise and green glass, hand-pieced to form an ombre design. The stunning work of art sits atop a wrought iron stand and is sure to make a huge impression.
A spectacular handcrafted metal platter clad in glittering glass mosaic brings a sun-kissed ocean vibe to your home or beach cottage. Display as a dazzling objet d'art on a bookshelf or mantel for an instant focal point.
Cool capiz shell makes a stylish statement no matter what form it takes, but our stunning platter is an instant eye-catcher. Tiny pieces of shell are handcrafted to create an intriguing texture that enhances any space. Good thing it comes with a stand for easy display.
Reach out and grab the beauty of a peaceful sunset and place it right on your end table with our mesmerizing mosaic platter. Complete with its own stand, it boasts a beautiful display no matter the time of day.
We dare you not to notice the intriguing style of our mosaic platter. From an end table to an entryway, it catches the light and illuminates your decor for a mesmerizing effect.
Our handcrafted platter stunningly showcases the beauty of the sea. Made of mother of pearl and perched atop its very own stand, it brings brilliance and sophisticated style to any space.
A hand-woven modern marvel, this over-sized basket can change the whole feel of a dining table or console table. Fill it with your favorite decorative spheres for a fun mix of textures.
We're not sure how our Italian glassmakers do it, but we're certain that crafting an objet d'art this brilliant takes a lot of talent. We're proud of this oversized platter ablaze in colors reminiscent of a sunset. You will be, too, when you display it in your home.
How do our Italian artisans create such a gorgeous hand-painted and foiled glass platter? That's for them to know and us to smile about. Sunflowers always make us smile—you, too?
From Italy, our painted glass bowl makes a vivid addition to the dinner party table. And when the party's over? It can be displayed alone as a brilliant, sculptural centerpiece.
Lustrous aquamarine, olive and bright cerulean form the hypnotic peacock pattern in this serving bowl, demonstrating the mastery of Turkish artisans of this form in any medium. A glass bowl with a reflective coating and glazes on the underside, this is the serving piece to inspire your finest offerings.
Our decorative bowl has metallic foil fused into the ceramic, creating a bold look that's perfectly dramatic on its own. But you can always go all out, and add a handful of decorative spheres. Did we say handful? Let us be clear: This piece can hold much more than that.
Our bowl seems almost magical. First, there’s the shape that brings to mind a genie’s lamp. Then, there’s the meticulously handcrafted mosaic with a metallic finish. Finally, there’s the delicately sculpted handles and sturdy wrought iron stand. No need to just wish for this wonder—go to pier1.com, and make it yours.
Handcrafted by Italian artisans, our eye-catching glass bowl often induces amore at first sight. You can see why. It’s a statement piece with a lustrous, modern twist. Molto bello.
Ridged to create a simply elegant texture, our handcrafted bowl makes a simply elegant statement on its own. Place it on a table or shelf and fill it with your favorite baubles, and it shines even more. An ideal complement to metallic tones, the decorative possibilities are as endless as its charm.
Inspired by the Greek amphora and carefully handcrafted by Portuguese artisans, our terracotta vase offers plenty of ancient appeal. And its classic good looks are just as irresistible today. Fill it with dry florals, display it on your table or give it to a dear friend.
Let your style take inspiration from the sea with our stunning, gold-toned Sea Urchin Bowl. The hand-painted design instantly adds movement and texture to any tablescape or shelf.
We’ve harnessed the beauty of the sun and put it in our stunning, silver-toned bowl. The intricate, hand-painted design and sparkling metallic tone give it a standout quality that’s perfect for completing a tablescape or finishing off your unique shelf style.
Make major decorative waves with our handblown glass bowl. Its mesmerizing shape and brilliant blue hue add artful appeal to whatever tabletop or shelf it ends up calling home.
Our Chiseled Wood Bowl is the perfect shape to enhance your coffee or dining table. Its rugged style makes an impression whether it’s filled or standing alone. We suggest pairing it with something shiny for a textural mix that’s irresistible.
Hand-painted in all the best shades of autumn, our glass bowl is so beautiful it will cause a conundrum. Do you add spheres and create a centerpiece? Or do you let this gorgeous vessel sit alone and keep all the glory for itself?
Harnessing the colors of autumn, our beautiful glass bowl glows with warmth. Set it on your dining table and evoke the fuzzy feeling of fall, then fill it with a spicy scented potpourri to take the style full circle.
We’re falling hard for the colorful leaves and berries that decorate our pretty bowl, handcrafted from capiz shell. Whether on a table, shelf or mantel, it’s a lovely way to harness the feeling of the season.
As if it was pressed with pretty fall leaves, our handcrafted capiz shell platter perfectly captures the feeling of the season. Let it shine on your tablescape or display it in a cabinet; either way, we know you’ll fall hard for this piece.
It’s as if it drifted into your life by divine destiny. Our beautiful Driftwood Bowl, handcrafted to highlight the interesting structures of natural wood, adds a natural element to any tabletop. Whether you fill it or let it stand alone, you’ll love the look and stylish intrigue it adds to your decor.
Found: The perfect addition to your diverse collection. Our unconventional bowl evokes a bohemian sensibility, and the hand-painted, champagne-tone finish looks even more gorgeous filled with decorative spheres.
Aficionados of boho style need to express their glamorous side sometimes, and that’s where our handcrafted terracotta bowl comes in. Beaded and inlaid with pieces of diamond-shaped mirror, this Pier 1 exclusive presents an elaborate floral pattern to dress up any table, sideboard or coffee table.
Reflecting on recent trends in tabletop decor, we’re struck by the unlikely combinations that result in extraordinary style. Our handcrafted, Pier 1 exclusive bowl, for example, combines the brilliance of stainless steel with faux branch motifs in a contrasting brass finish to create a functional serving piece at home in, well, your home.
Just what your villa needs. No villa? No problem. Bring the warmth of Tuscany into your home with our gleaming glass bowl and curled wrought iron stand. Perfect on a pedestal or to add a touch of classic Old World style to a hallway table or dining room centerpiece.
A constellation of starfish adds shimmer to tables inside and out. Handcrafted of lightweight aluminum, these stars will grant your wish for abundant style.
This goes beyond brilliance. Covered with tiny, mirrored-glass tiles—each one placed by hand to create the shimmering, shining effect—this metal bowl is one of our most glamorous storage solutions yet. Fill it with everything from potpourri to pinecones for major wow.
Our handcrafted glass bowl has an all-over quatrefoil pattern that enhances its beauty. It rests easily in a specially designed stand with scrolled legs. Because its glass, our bowl can take on a practical role—it’s not just another pretty face. Found only at Pier 1.
Carve out a sense of global style with our singular oval bowl. It’s hand-carved and crafted by artisans in Bali using traditional techniques, then hand-painted with a lacquer to enhance the natural beauty of the albasia wood. Use it to hold decorative spheres or just appreciate it for the work of art that it is.
This goes beyond brilliance. Covered with tiny, mirrored-glass tiles—each one placed by hand to create the shimmering, shining effect—this metal bowl is one of our most glamorous storage solutions yet. Fill it with everything from potpourri to pine cones for major wow.
Our pretty glass bowl is perched atop an iron peacock feather stand adorned with glass jewels to create a statement piece that’s just as unique as the beautiful bird it’s fashioned after. Filled with your favorite balls and baubles, our handcrafted bowl is the decorative equivalent of strutting your stuff.
The silver and blue swirls of our hand-painted bowl mimic the mesmerizing movements of water, turning the tide on your coffee table decor.
Saturate your style in swirls of blue and silver with our hand-painted bowl. Fill it with something lovely or simply place it on your table to create a look that’s equal parts drama and serenity.
Your tablescape takes on a new texture with our hammered aluminum bowl. Handcrafted, it’s perfect for both entertaining and everyday use.
The crackle texture gives our handcrafted ceramic bowl a look that really pops. Add a beaded rim and muted blue color, and this bowl is ready to make its debut in style.
Upturned corners and striations of hand-painted foil turn a simple square ceramic bowl into something spectacular. (Note to self: Wardrobe update idea?)
You've heard of big mouth bass? Well, this fish is a new Pier 1 species you might fall for—hook, line and sinker. Made of heavy, clear glass with turquoise accents, the slick bowl is perfectly suited to display our Oceans® potpourri.
Size may not matter, but in the case of this stunning bowl—it's big. Sitting atop a hand-forged, antiqued iron stand, the decorative piece might be the definition of show-stopper. Fill it with seasonal potpourri (which could call for several bags) or some of our textured orbs.
Make a style statement with this lustrous one-of-a-kind smoked capiz shell bowl. The pearlescent, lacquered sheen of the handcrafted chevron design accents your modern side. And the oval bowl gives you ample space for glass spheres, guest towels or nothing at all. Let its natural beauty shine.
Part serving dish and part museum piece, this striking oval platter wears many hats. It’s handcrafted with iron and glass, featuring an intricate champagne-colored mosaic that shimmers from every angle. Fill it with potpourri for your next dinner party, or let it stand alone as a year-round decorative piece.
A downsized version of our Reid Centerpiece Large Basket, this hand-woven modern marvel of wrought iron can change the whole look and feel of a (smaller) dining or console table. Fill it with your favorite decorative spheres for a fun mix of textures.
In any circle, this wrought iron boat basket is the fun one. Maybe it’s the captivating spiral design or perhaps the hand-painted and antiqued champagne color. Either way, it makes a brilliant handcrafted accent piece for your table, kitchen island or countertop.
In addition to pizza and romance, the Italians are quite famous for their art glass. Crafted by hand in Italy using traditional techniques, our platter features a fiery, confetti-style burst of tangerine, crimson and gold. Use it to display spheres on a coffee table, or mount it as part of a gallery-style wall—where it will be right at home, naturally.
Your tablescape takes on a new texture with our Hammered Oval Bowl. Crafted by hand of aluminum with shimmery copper-plating, it’s perfect for both entertaining and everyday use.
Your tablescape takes on a new texture with our Hammered Oval Platter. Crafted by hand of aluminum with shimmery copper-plating, it’s perfect for both entertaining and everyday use.
Your tablescape takes on a new texture with our hammered serving bowl. Crafted by hand of aluminum with shimmery copper-plating, it’s perfect for both entertaining and everyday use.
Beauty meets beast in our handsome mango wood bowl. Stained a rich walnut brown, it boasts handles handcrafted of antiqued aluminum in the shape of stags—symbols of strength. Worthy of display but practical as well.
Even Mother Nature will be envious of our gorgeous platter. Handcrafted in Turkey of glass, it features botanical detail with a coppery finish. Generously sized for serving or use in a centerpiece.
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens? Yeah, those are cute. But if your favorite things fall more into the Gold/Luster/Mosaic category, have we got something worth singing about.
This spectacular vase turned “born to shine” into an understatement. Covered in mini white and silver tiles—each one carefully placed by hand to give it an intricate design—this tall, glamorous beauty was made to sit pretty on a mantel or in a family room.
Bright and crisp, these classic vases would make their namesake proud. Their shimmering glass mosaic profiles are topped by an iron neck and lip. Luxurious, classic and tasteful.
Looking for a little sparkle in your life? This stunning gold and silver mosaic vase is sure to dazzle in a niche, or on a mantel or console. Handcrafted of smashed glass tiles, this piece is pretty spectacular. Dare we say—it’s truly a smashing find.
This piece is a shining example of pretty enough—as in pretty enough to stand on its own or to dress up a nook or mantel. Handcrafted of silver and gold glass mosaic tiles, it’s also translucent so light shines through it, giving it an ethereal glow.
We've taken a shimmering gold mosaic floor vase and made it more fabulous by adding a scattered, starburst-like design. The subtle jewel-tone colors repeat at the neck and lip of the vessel, before giving way to a glazed cream interior. Yes. It's that yummy.
Are you ready to own the night? Our splendid mosaic vase is handcrafted using sparkling pieces of glass that come together to bring the brilliance of the night sky to any space.
The handcrafted mirrored mosaic on our stunning vase creates a glamorous deco effect that evokes the richness of a bygone era. You’ll definitely want to find a place for this one.
Brilliant color is captured in our iron and glass Mosaic Vase. With splendid shades of orange and amber, it's gorgeous on its own and even more stunning when the sun hits it. Handcrafted exclusively for Pier 1, it can become the focal point of your design when you add your own dry florals.
Our handcrafted vase glows brightly in an orange confetti design. Both its shape and style evoke movement and warmth while bringing a festive vibe to your shelf or desk.
Did you know that a group of owls is called a “parliament”? Impress your friends and family with this and other bird trivia when they comment on your whimsical glass vase. It’s crafted by hand with oversized eyes and an amber ombre coating—perfect for displaying dried florals or sitting alone on a mantel or side table. And while its feathered counterparts are nocturnal, this vase looks great 24 hours a day.
Want some impressive autumn ambience? Our glam gourd shines bright thanks to its lustrous handblown glass. Showcase it in your harvest centerpiece or let it stand alone. Either way, it’s a treat.
One look at our beautiful glass vase and you're bound to say, “Cock-a-doodle-DO." Handblown, this proud bird promises to attract lots of attention. Add a colorful bouquet and give him something to crow about.
Make major decorative waves with our handblown glass vase. Its mesmerizing shape and alluring sunset hues add artful appeal to whatever tabletop or shelf it ends up calling home.
Make a major decorative statement with our colorful handblown glass vase. Its traditional shape and brilliant mix of colors add artful appeal to whatever tabletop or shelf it ends up calling home.
Blue. The color of the sky, water and sapphires become a very cool presence in our handblown glass vase. Pure in its beauty, it will enliven your room with striking color and unpredictable swirls. Add yellow tulips, white roses, pink peonies or whatever strikes your fancy and create a lovely arrangement.
Make major decorative waves with our handblown glass vase. Its mesmerizing shape and brilliant blue hue add artful appeal to whatever tabletop or shelf it ends up calling home.
Just what your villa needs. No villa? No problem. Bring the warmth of Tuscany into your home with our gleaming glass vase and curled wrought iron stand. Fill with long-stem dried florals for a warm welcome in an entryway or make a statement in a living room, dining room or den.
Gilded style deserves our handcrafted, golden glass vase. Standing proud, like a priceless antique, it evokes a luxurious feel that’s perfect for adding sophistication to your decor.
Made of recycled glass and fashioned after antique wine bottles, our vase is crafted in Spain and inscribed with regional insignias. Fill it with faux sprays to show off its vintage beauty and freshen up any room. It’s a very stylish win-win.
The captivating blues of the Caribbean are captured in our vase's hand-painted recycled glass. Deep cobalt melts seamlessly into teal in this vibrant jewel from Spain. Place in a sunny window and bask in its rich, saturated color.
Our handcrafted glass vase has an all-over quatrefoil pattern that enhances its beauty. Resting easily in a specially designed stand with scrolled, iron legs, this Pier 1 exclusive is impressive on its own or filled with dried florals.
Recycled and hand-painted, our shapely Spanish vase is reminiscent of the deep blue and green waters of the Mediterranean. Hold it up to your ear and hear the ocean. Or hold it up to your eye and see the sea.
This glittering glass vase is set to stun. Hand-painted and crafted in Italy, it could display dried florals but it's perhaps better left standing on its own. Such beauty and perfection need no further embellishment.
No less captivating than a large-scale, contemporary work of art, this gallery-quality vase is destined to garner rave reviews. Hand-blown glass blends the bold color palette and floral design to create a distinct asymmetrical look. Can you say show-stopper?
Whoa. A tall, gleaming, mouth-blown glass vase, nesting in a classic hand-forged, antiqued iron stand that's made just for us. This might be the definition of show-stopper.
Here's the skinny on this long, curvy vase. It's made of recycled glass. Which means it may not always have been this beautiful. It could have been a pickle jar. Or a soda bottle. Or even an old broken light bulb. So please excuse its need to show off. Just stick a colorful bloom in it and let it strut its stuff.
From the land of Picasso, Goya and Dalí comes this authentic work of art for your home.  To create this oversized masterpiece, recycled glass must be melted down, then individually mouth-blown by skilled Spanish glassmakers. Each vase is an original and contains slight variances in size, shape and color, which add to its value and beauty. Curate one.
Slender white birches stand in vivid contrast to clusters of delicate yellow blooms on a perfect blue sky. Rich in detail and bold saturated color, this unique, hand-painted acrylic reproduction makes a strong statement. Is it speaking to you?
Hand-painted oil reproductions like our Stunning Simplicity Art have a texture and richness beyond that of giclees or other prints. Here, the natural beauty of a lone tree is rendered against brilliant color on a cotton canvas. Less is more.
Hand-painted oil reproductions like our Stunning Simplicity Art have a texture and richness beyond that of giclees or other prints. Here, the natural beauty of a lone tree is rendered in soft, versatile neutrals on a cotton canvas. Less is more.
You’d like to hang out in this forest where shimmer grows on trees, wouldn’t you? But since you can’t, the next best thing is for the forest to hang with you at home. Our hand-painted piece features textured, lustrous layers that create foliage and branches with subtle dimension and rich variation. You wouldn’t mind getting lost in that.
Slender white birches stand in vivid contrast to clusters of luxuriant teal foliage in our unique, hand-painted acrylic reproduction. Rich in detail and bold, saturated color, it makes a strong statement. What is it saying to you?
You don’t need to live by a park to draw relaxation from a stroll underneath towering trees. Simply gaze upon this classic painting on canvas, and your mind can wander for miles.
Slender white birches stand in vivid contrast to clusters of luxuriant teal foliage in our unique, hand-painted acrylic reproduction. Rich in detail and bold, saturated color, it makes a strong statement. What is it saying to you?
Sublime in its simplicity, this hand-painted acrylic on canvas and wood is a striking landscape that brings a natural element to your living space. Large enough to hang over a sofa, or perfect as an accent above a buffet, the shimmering trees and neutral scene will beautifully highlight furnishings and create a soothing ambiance in your room.
Inspired by Washington’s cherry blossoms, our hand-painted pink and white trees herald spring’s arrival. Plant them in your living room or study, where they can forever flourish.
Our stand of birch trees stands out—literally—from your wall, thanks to its multicanvas collage assembly. Composed across five canvases in graduated sizes, this hand-painted treescape is rich in detail and subtle, naturalistic colors. We bet you have just the place for it.
Broad strokes of acrylic on canvas create a stunning triptych of birch trees. A cool color palette and intricate details create a study in nature, bringing the best of the outdoors into your home.
Get lost in the beauty of a snowy pine forest with our dreamy pine tree wall art. Hand-painted trees inspire a peaceful atmosphere, while the soft, natural tones are right at home with any decor.
In the case of our hand-painted acrylic on canvas, you can see the forest and the trees. The impressionistic details and muted hues of this piece are every bit as beautiful as the big picture. Now all you have to do is imagine where you can hang it so that others can relish the view.
Though subtle and softly focused, our stoic tree creates a powerful impression. Printed on a screened background of muted neutrals, it’s an image that complements both modern and traditional styles.
Shades of antiqued teal and verdigris lead the way through our restful, inviting landscape. Hand-painted in muted acrylics, this impressionistic scene is bounded by a wooden frame for timeless appeal.
Our simple, yet striking, hand-painted depiction of birch trees could be just the piece you're looking for to complete your living room or den. The natural elegance of the slender birches and the neutral palette give it the versatility to accent contemporary as well as traditional decor.
The stark simplicity of the tall, slim birches seems to come to life on our hand-painted canvas as the birds move toward you from the blue sky. Sized just right for a den or living room, it projects a quiet, yet lively, peacefulness.
What’s the best way to invite nature-inspired serenity into your home? Nature-inspired artwork. Like this one, actually. Calming motifs of fall, forests and rain combine on a cotton canvas and fir frame for a look that’s at once peaceful and sophisticated.
This entrancing window into an Autumn countryside portrays a "perfectly imperfect" grouping of trees on the horizon in shifting planes of focus. Hand-painted on a large canvas, the scene will provide visual interest while complementing any color scheme for years to come.
Our classic hand-painted scene beckons you to take a walk in the park, beneath a canopy of colorful trees. A fantastical interpretation of the great outdoors, it makes an artful addition to your home.
You can almost hear a rustle from the golden leaves of the Aspen trees depicted on our hand-painted artwork. That effect, plus the backdrop of blue sky contrasting with earthen hues, allows this sizable canvas to impart a sense of serenity while changing the landscape of your living space.
Rest assured, our Promising Trees Art delivers. The beauty of this hand-painted landscape comes from the play on light within its monochromatic color scheme. Hang it on a wall in a place of prominence, and watch it flourish.
Henry David Thoreau and Robert Frost waxed eloquently about winding paths such as this one, and it’s easy to see why. With a simple fir frame, muted hues and watercolor-style brushstrokes, our artists have captured the peaceful nature of an unexplored forest—a welcome escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life.
Create an escape right in your living room with the serene trees on our hand-painted wall art. Marked by soft, neutral tones, it boasts a calm, elegant style that’s a seamless addition to your decor.
There’s a light at the end of every tunnel—even tree tunnels. Our hand-painted wall art features a handsome pine frame and a stunning arbor of crimson and gold leaves. Nature is always in season.
Every fall, we’re treated to a beautiful landscape of crimson leaves. Now you can keep the autumn magic alive all year long with our stunning piece of art. Hand-painted on canvas with vivid foliage that serves as a constant reminder of nature’s bounty.
Get lost in a foggy forest scene bursting with auburn, orange and red foliage. Painted by hand on canvas, our autumn-inspired masterpiece keeps nature’s beauty and energy always within sight.
With a dignified air, our golden tree can’t help but stand out. Hand-painted acrylic on canvas and wood, it brings the brilliance of the outdoors inside, creating a nature-inspired focal point for your bedroom, living room or study.
It’s a window to relaxation. Our serene vista is hand-painted and depicts a simple line of trees viewed from across the water and will certainly bring a sense of calm to a living room or study. A simple poplar wood frame completes the peaceful picture.
Slender white birches stand in subtle contrast to clusters of luxuriant flaxen foliage in our unique, hand-painted acrylic artwork. Rich in detail and quiet, airy color, it definitely makes a statement. What is it saying to you?
Striking, hand-painted leaves in orange and amber create a beautiful outdoor scene. Hang it in your living room, and you’ll always be one with nature.
Influenced by the quiet moments found outdoors, a warm palette of colors captures a row of slender trees reflecting a soft blue backdrop. Hang it in your living room, and you’ll always be one with nature.
Our enchanting window into autumn portrays a walkway along a picture-perfect wooded path. The scene offers visual interest while complementing any color scheme in your home for years to come.
Say hello to a forest of fantastical aspen trees. Our hand-painted canvas takes one of nature's favorite subjects and makes it a tad more colorful. Perfect as a new accent piece for your living room.
A dreamy take on still-life blooms captured at the height of their beauty, our floral artwork brings the best of garden blossoms to life. Hang in an entryway, living room or anywhere you want a picturesque focal point.
Bring the garden to life inside with the bold blooms featured on our colorful wall art. They’re so lovely and vibrant, you’ll swear you can smell their sweet scent.
Peonies are the perfect pick for a bouquet and equally as beautiful placed up on the wall. Add our hand-painted peonies to your decor for a soft, fresh touch that enhances any interior style.
Poppies and daisies float across our bright wall piece, adding a splash of color to any empty wall. Evoking spring, these bold blooms bring freshness and light wherever they go.
Conventional wisdom suggests that your television is the natural focal point of any living room—but we disagree. Hung above a mantel, behind a sofa or as part of a gallery-style wall, our striking, nature-inspired painting is an instant conversation starter.
With their oversized pompoms and silky star-shaped blooms, hydrangeas are the epitome of beauty and femininity. Give your walls a lovely update with our exclusive artwork, crafted with a handsome pine rame, cotton canvas and lavishly hued bouquet. No watering required.
Sometimes a singular bloom is so vivid, lush and sensational, it rivals the beauty of a more complex bouquet. Case in point: Our painted poppy canvas. The drama is in the detail. Hang it solo, or create a vibrant diptych or triptych using one or more of the other available colors.
You say you’re in a blue mood? Our Indigo Flowers Art should complement your decorative scheme beautifully. Inspired by poppies, this hand-painted canvas-on-wood with nailhead trim is exclusively ours. And that should brighten your perspective.
You may think these blooms are just a pretty arrangement in colors that go from turquoise to sapphire. But look more closely and you'll realize that this canvas is a harbinger of spring—no matter what page your calendar is on.
Our surreal piece of art reflects your appreciation for both flowers and artistic movements. Crafted with a rustic fir frame and painted by hand, it features thick, impasto-style brush strokes that emphasize human perception, rather than reality.
A study in the texture of natural elements, our artful still life of magnolia blossoms evokes imaginings of warm summer evenings, the air fragrant with flowers in full bloom.
Hand-painted on canvas, our artwork captures the timeless appeal of lush, detailed Victorian floral textiles. It also conveys a contained, curated quality to this pattern, which once covered entire rooms with abandon.
It's time the rest of us got the opportunity to own beautiful art. Hand-painted in acrylics, our gallery-worthy canvas is exhibit number 1. Contrasting hues, textured brushstrokes and one-of-a-kind details are yours at a price that's actually affordable. The fine art of living well, yours at Pier 1.
Peonies bursting with pinks, golds and greens create a vibrant focal point for your living room, dining room, bedroom or powder room. Hand-painted in gorgeous acrylics, this artwork will blossom with any decor.
Get up close and personal with our peony artwork. Hand-painted in acrylics on canvas, it brings unexpectedly intimate detail and a refreshing ivory palette. As such, it will be eye-catching in your living room, dining room, bedroom or powder room.
Tulips are imbued with meaning based on their petal colors: Yellow for cheer, white for forgiveness, red for perfect love. Lucky for you, we couldn’t pick just one. Painted by hand on a cotton canvas atop a fir frame, our peaceful artwork represents a bouquet of positivity.
Metallics have made their way into all areas of the home, and now you can happily welcome them to your walls, with our hand-painted art on canvas that blooms with style. Silver, pewter and gold tones combine to form iconic blooms that seem to radiate light throughout your living, dining or bedroom areas.
With upward-reaching petals, the featured floral of our hand-painted, impressionistic still-life makes any space more graceful. And the use of thick brushstrokes in both warm and cool colors creates a harmonious atmosphere. Even better? It’ll never wilt.
White tones often have a calming, serene effect, but we can't help being excited about this hand-painted still-life. Bold use of contrasting color. Impressionist style. Blanched flowers overflowing from a vase. We'll bet more than one room in your house will be happier for the selection of this studied beauty.
Inspired by rare vintage botanical prints, our collection of tall flowers on painted canvas with nailhead trim cultivates a fresh, modern style in your kitchen, study or bath. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
inspired by rare vintage botanical prints, our collection of flowers on painted canvas with nailhead trim cultivates a fresh, modern style in your kitchen, study or bath. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Referencing the chalkboard trend, our botanical artwork's the background, faux-aged patina and nailhead trim combine to bring an up-to-the-minute fashion sense to this traditional subject. Exclusively from Pier 1 Imports.
Singularly brilliant, our hand-painted bloom evokes a sense of liveliness—despite being blue. Where to hang such a display? Use it to punctuate a bare wall while enhancing neutral furnishings. It’s a natural for accenting a guest bath or bedroom and perfectly pretty in view of the patio or porch.
You can consider the lilies of the field—or contemplate just this one beautifully painted by hand on a linen canvas. Its single stalk with blushing blooms is rendered atop a textured background and may be simple enough to enhance your living space and remind that sometimes less is more.
Say hello to happy with a colorful bouquet of bohemian-inspired flowers. Hand-painted on cotton canvas and backed with a pine frame, our festive wall art definitely bucks tradition. But so do you, right?
Figuratively speaking, this bouquet in rouge makes a most impressive centerpiece. The hand-painted canvas depicts a cluster of rich red blooms amid more muted ones. We see it hung in a bedroom, dining room or nook above an antique table or chair, but it promises to make a showy display wherever you plant it.
Art is in bloom at Pier 1 Imports. This lustrous white blossom set against rich white latticework brings focus to the season with a hand-painted softness. Bright and beautiful, this hand-painted work of art is a daringly simple take on the traditional floral still life.
Silence is golden, but we can’t keep quiet about this hand-painted still life. Subtle use of color. Impressionist style. Flaxen flowers overflowing from a vase. Take advantage of this golden opportunity to perk up a living room or bedroom.
Dignity and elegance. Sound like a couple words you’d like to describe your style? Looks like these vibrant, richly textured, hand-painted Dahlias—flowers that symbolize those two very things—will fit right in to your home.
Made of a single unstitched cloth, the sari has long signified femininity and grace in India. So it’s no wonder the artisans who handcrafted and hand-painted  this artwork chose sari fabric with its one-of-a-kind coloration to construct the petals of a blooming flower. What a rich and beautiful tradition you’re sharing when you hang this totally unique piece on your wall.
Art is in bloom at Pier 1 Imports. This lustrous white blossom set against teal latticework brings focus to the season with a subtle softness. Bright and beautiful, this hand-painted work of art is a daringly simple take on the traditional floral still life.
Painted, embroidered and embellished entirely by hand, this intriguing work of art is a mixed media creation of beads, paint and fabric on 100% cotton canvas—one of those rare pieces that will reveal something new each time you look at it. And who doesn't love tulips? Come tiptoe through ours.
Bold, hand-painted brushstrokes of color form a geometric abstract in this hand-painted contemporary artwork. Commissioned and curated by our experienced art buyers, it's a Pier 1 original and one-of-a-kind. Visit us online or in store to view our extensive gallery of fine art and prints.
Hand-painted on canvas to evoke a moody, purposely ambiguous landscape, our artwork will charm an entire room full of guests and harmonize with decor from any era. And, as the work comes into focus, you'll discover that it's always exactly what you need it to be—beautiful.
Our acrylic-on-canvas piece is destined to become a new classic, thanks to its fantastical use of brilliant colors and ethereal, moving effect. There's fine art on your horizon.
Characterized by veins of jade, lapis, milk white and gray, our gallery-worthy modern wall art was inspired by the ancient layered rock called agate. The hand-painted canvas works particularly well with neutral furnishings, allowing you to play off the juxtaposition and use the pop of color to add coordinating pillows, a glass lamp or a vibrant area rug.
The artist blends shades of blue, gray, white and green to create our truly intriguing canvas. Destined to become the focal point of the room where it’s hung, it achieves a sense of tranquility—and practically begs for some colorful decorative accents. Pillows. Rugs. Perhaps a glass lamp? We happen to have all that.
Crafted entirely by hand, our indoor/outdoor 3-D wall art is a striking combination of an antiqued golden metal sculpture set atop painted canvas. Both the design and impressive size make it versatile, so you can hang it vertically or horizontally depending on your space. An all-weather lacquer seals the deal.
Though we've titled it "Unassuming," our remarkable, hand-painted canvas will have quite an impact on your living, dining or bedroom areas. With its interplay of red, gold and silver, this artwork is ready to bring a dramatic counterpoint to modern and traditional styles alike.
Though we've titled it "Unassuming," our remarkable, hand-painted canvas will have quite an impact on your living, dining or bedroom areas. With its interplay of deep indigo, gold and silver, this artwork is ready to bring a dramatic counterpoint  to modern and traditional styles alike.
An impressionistic landscape in the coolest range of indigos ever? Yes, please. Hand-painted on canvas and sized to create a big blue view anywhere it's displayed, this is the epitome of trend-forward indigo landscapes.
An involving study in multi-tonal effects, this hand-painted acrylic on canvas works with a variety of decor options. Combining palette knife and brushwork, its richly textured paint reveals a shifting range of colors as the light plays across its surface.
Quartz crystal or the inside of a geode could have inspired the colors of our striking hand-painted canvas, which incorporates shades of milk white, gold and pewter. Given its captivating good looks, metallic sheen and substantial size, this piece is sure to make an impressive statement when hung in a variety of interior environments.
The bold swath of teal takes center stage and nicely offsets the mere suggestion of subjects on our hand-painted, substantial piece. Perfect for brightening a living room or den that's bathed in neutrals.
Hand-painted in a palette seemingly without color, our abstract artwork suggests, perhaps, a landscape upon closer inspection. And that's what art is all about, isn't it—rewarding a closer look? Evocative of scenes from memories or dreams, this is a piece that settles the eye—and the beholder.
Scan our modern work inspired by the coast. Sure, it’s abstract, but you can still make out sand dunes, vegetation, the shoreline and shallow waters hand-painted onto canvas. The beach has never seemed more appealing.
Our painted canvas in a kaleidoscope of blue draws inspiration from an ancient art referred to as “zellige.” Prevalent in Moroccan architecture, the technique uses terracotta tiles covered in enamel to create complex geometric mosaics, adding ornamental interest to walls, ceilings, floors, fountains and pools. Thankfully, today, it’s easier than ever to enliven a room in your home with our captivating canvas.
Agate stones are characterized by the fineness of their grain and bright colors. We think our painting on cotton canvas captures that beautifully through the use of marine and tan hues.  Hang this natural beauty in your living room, bedroom  or family room.
What do you see? A path of gold? The sun on the horizon? Hand-painted on canvas, it’s layered with grays, creams and splashes of golden texture. What we see is the gorgeous accent your living room or bedroom is looking for.
What do you see? A path of gold? The sun on the horizon? Hand-painted on canvas, it’s layered with turquoise, cream and splashes of golden texture. What we see is the gorgeous accent your living room or bedroom is looking for.
For centuries, marble has been used for masterpieces that have stood the test of time. Our acrylic-on-canvas piece was hand-painted to evoke the look of marble with a golden vein running through it. Its substantial size and sophisticated color palette will help make this artwork a stunning focal point in your living room.
Only nature could inspire the dynamic blending of color, pattern and composition in our agate artwork. The teal and gold palette is rich in detail, and a closer look reveals the presence of a very subtle yet ornate grille design overlaying the subject. It's an impressive focal point, especially over a sofa or mantel.
Known here as the rock star of wall art, our agate artwork is truly stunning in subdued hues of tan, gray, black, bronze and white. This one-of-a-kind abstract creation will make a striking statement in any home decor—your walls will rock it!
Simple can sometimes be the best solution, and our colorful wall art is just that. Its effortless simplicity enhances your space with bold, elegant style that boasts the versatility to perfectly incorporate into your interior decor.
An artful recreation of the ocean, our coastal wall art features texture and movement in the metallic detail and watercolor design. A soft addition to any space, it has the serene feel of the sea.
Fresh ribbons of color move across our vibrant wall art. A simple yet thoughtful design, it easily lives in any decor, instantly adding a stroke of brightness to subdued spaces.
Abstract art instantly adds sophistication to your decor, and the soft tones and bold shapes of our hand-painted canvas make a big impression. Its meaning may be up for interpretation, but it’s calm elegance is plain to see.
Washed over in a lightness that can only brighten your interior spaces, our simple wall art is abstract in design but definitive in its subtle elegance.
To some, this is a painting of stripes. To others, it's an aerial view of the beach. Whatever it is to you, it will set a calming and tranquil mood from any wall in your home.
The beauty of abstract art is that you can interpret it any way you’d like. Does it make you feel peaceful? Introspective? Energized? Our hand-painted artwork features an array of nature-inspired hues and adds a modern conversation piece to your home.
For all those days when you dream of sand between your toes and salt in the air, our painting will help get you there. It’s crafted with a fir frame and cotton canvas and features four rustic Adirondack chairs front and center. We can almost hear the waves. Almost.
In addition to living deep in your imagination, this peaceful village exists on a cotton canvas and fir frame in this idyllic painting that's sure to reward your wanderlust from any wall in your home.
New York, Chicago or Hong Kong? Do you have a favorite? Our artist's idealized creation brings to life the excitement of the big city. All the whir and energy is captured in hand-painted, glimmering color and brings an undeniable awe to this impressive skyline.
We can’t always take the time to get out and relax. So why not spend a little time imagining yourself on the banks of this calming stream. Our natural landscape is hand-painted in acrylic on a stretched canvas and will add a peaceful air to any room where you hang it.
Even if you’re not able to breathe in the fresh mountain air, you can enjoy the peacefulness of a wondrous mountain landscape with our hand-painted acrylic artwork. The combination of a textured cotton canvas and muted shades depicting a distant mountain view will make you feel as if a hike to the summit is just footsteps away.
Enhanced by metallic tones, the foggy landscape featured on our hand-painted wall art has a haunting romance that brings intrigue to any space. The soft, neutral tones mix with strokes of metallic luster that create an elegantly versatile design.
Presenting a scene encountered only along the "blue" highways of the American West, our large, hand-painted canvas conveys a sense of place at once nostalgic and forward-looking. And though it harmonizes perfectly with neutral color schemes, it creates a striking focal point in settings of deep indigo and autumn hues as well.
Talk about a room with a view! There’s nothing like a high vantage point to bring life into perspective—and that’s the unique accomplishment of our hand-painted canvas. Enjoy the best that life in the big city has to offer and discover the Pier 1 outlook on home decor, all in one work of art.
Even if you can’t put toes in sand, you can enjoy the peacefulness of a windswept beach with our hand-painted acrylic. The combination of a textured linen canvas and muted shades depicting an ocean view will make you feel as if a walk to the ocean’s edge is just outside your door.
Rendered in shades of ivory and finished with a weathered wood frame, our painted sailing vessel evokes the serenity found on the open water. It makes for a handsome wall accent that’s especially well-suited for a bedroom, office or den.
Here’s to smooth sailing. Evoking the beauty of calm waters and gentle sea breezes, our painted canvas brings a pop of color, a boatload of inspiration and a sense of serenity to your room.
Take your decor in a coastal direction with our framed painting. In subdued azure hues, it takes your imagination on an oceanic journey, where the horizon stretches out as far as the eye can see.
Simple doesn’t always mean easy. Case in point: Our finely detailed landscape painting. It may be symbolic of bucolic bliss, but the talent of the artist cannot be overlooked. It appears as though a gentle breeze is moving through the tall grasses and autumn-colored leaves. And putting the admirer in a serene state of mind these days is no piece of cake.
There’s something enduringly romantic about bridges. Are they a path to a new beginning or an inviting way to connect people? However you look at it, our intriguing painting is sure to bridge any gaps in your living room or office decor.
The great thing about art is that it transports you to wherever your imagination wanders. Our rendering of a serene port town was painted by hand on a cotton canvas atop a fir frame. Whether a fishing village in Italy or an early morning in Nantucket, it’s destined to take you somewhere.
Infuse the graceful nature of the grasslands into any space with our beautiful framed wall art. Inspiring a peaceful atmosphere, the neutral tones easily incorporate into your decor and enhance your space with warmth and character.
Never bring bananas on board, but black cats are welcome. These are among the many superstitions of sailing, depicted here in this sea-worthy painting. One thing that’s not superstition? The fact that this moody, purposely distressed painting will lend a sense of maritime intrigue to any wall in your home. Caps off to that.
New York, Chicago or Hong Kong? Yes. Our artist's idealized creation brings to life all the color and excitement of your favorite big cities. Vibrant, thrumming energy in hand-painted luminous colors delivers an undeniable joy to this skyline.
The skyline of a cosmopolitan city is compelling—whether it's shiny and modern or Old World and weathered. Managing to blur the lines with haunting beauty, this hand-painted depiction makes a majestic accent piece in an office, den or study.
A throwback to the past, our hand-painted rendition of a hillside town is made charming because of its Old World details. The stone bridges, cathedral spires and terracotta rooftops set against a blue sky could be inspired by a South American or Mediterranean city—or almost anywhere yesteryear. Today, it makes a colorful wall accent that can beautifully invigorate your living space.
The world is blue and white—at least in our view. Hand-painted on linen and sized for your study, bedroom or family room, our artwork offers clear delineation of major global areas for further exploration. Go ahead and stake your claim.
Part of the appeal of abstract art is that its meaning is subjective. The artist who created this hand-painted canvas envisioned choppy water, but you can just as well interpret the piece to reflect a soothing, moving stream. Either way, the sounds, feel and image of water is restorative, and that explains the universal appeal of this wall art.
The world is not flat—not even in our shimmery Map of the World Art. Carefully created with dimensional details, it’s a delightful discovery certainly worth exploring. Go ahead and stake your claim.
Art to port. Set sail for a classic-looking seascape. Whether you're a nautical newbie or an old sea dog, you'll enjoy this masterful hand-painted piece, which captures the grace and excitement of a yacht race. Get it while it's docked at Pier 1.
Oh, the possibilities of a blank space on the wall. Why, you could put the whole world there. No, really. In fact, you could put up the whole world in a lovely deep bronze and subtle, hand-painted texture. Who knew that was even an option?
New York, Chicago or Hong Kong? Yes. Our artist's idealized creation brings to life all the color and excitement of your favorite big cities. Vibrant, thrumming energy in hand-painted metallic colors brings an undeniable joy to this skyline.
In ancient Chinese culture, lacquered red doors (called a vermillion gate) represented great wealth and luck. In modern living room culture, since the look proved popular with Pier 1 customers, we decided to add an ivory theme to the hand-painted wood and cotton canvas art—for good measure.
Inked directly on birch, our free-spirited artwork combines a simple graphic sensibility with the unexpected textures of the underlying wood grain. A soothing palette and gently aged patina create a subtlety perfect for quiet places in your home.
It’s been said that style is relative, and that’s never been more true than with our charming wall hanging. Keep family top of mind by hanging this pine piece in your favorite gathering spot, whether inside or outdoors on a covered patio.
What is the threshold for being classified a treasure? If it includes possessing a rare quality, fascinating detail and a beautiful patina, our Ancient Doors easily passes the test. This pair of hand-painted canvases, with three-dimensional detailing and a larger-than-life presence, open up endless possibilities.
Cool off any wall and find inner peace while looking into our beautiful Buddha painting. Calming neutral shades and a meditative pose create its serene effect.
If you live in a rustic setting, better give friends a heads up that our wall art is merely a pair of faux barn doors. Rendered in red acrylic on a cotton canvas, the subject matter looks remarkably real. And what if you live smack-dab in the middle of the city? Well, kudos to you for playing off the juxtaposition of a weathered country vibe set in view of a downtown skyline.
Inspired by the timeless beauty of Mediterranean pottery, our abstract still life exudes a distorted distinction. The hand-painted brushstrokes, in captivating cobalt, white and gray, ensure that it becomes the focal point of your room.
If you live in a rustic setting, better give friends a heads up that our wall art is merely a pair of faux barn doors. Rendered in antique white acrylic on a cotton canvas, the subject matter looks remarkably real. And what if you live smack-dab in the middle of the city? Well, kudos to you for playing off the juxtaposition of a weathered country vibe set in view of a downtown skyline.
With purple and dark blue undertones, the color indigo is often associated with creativity, inspiration and beauty. That makes our exclusive artwork a lovely addition to an office or kitchen wall. It features a watercolor-style still life that showcases this intriguing hue.
Give your wall a warm, unique and elegant makeover with our exclusive chinoiserie-inspired artwork. With its pine frame, soft cotton canvas, bronze grommets and serene subject matter, it will be right at home on a mantel, desk or headboard.
For wine that pairs well with a variety of palettes and decorative schemes, our exclusive wall art is perhaps the perfect choice. Painted by hand, it’s tastefully rendered and promises to age well, so enjoy.
Dramatic, compelling and commanding  attention, our wide, hand-painted canvas presents the golden age of aviation. Always ready for takeoff, this is exactly the artwork your study or den has been waiting for.
Our hand-painted, acrylic-on-canvas Buddha is awash in Impressionistic influence with swirling colors. The effect is meditative calm with a Zen-like peace.
Reminding us all to enjoy the ride as much as the destination, our nostalgic artwork has the soft neutral tones of a laid-back beach town where bicycles outnumber cars. Works well with coastal decor, especially in a family room.
With nautical-inspired navy stripes on a white canvas background, it’s time to hang this and drop anchor at your personal paradise—near the ocean, on a lake or at the river.
Whether your travel bucket list includes hiking in the Andes or lounging beachside in Cabo, our artwork will always remind you of your goals. With a gorgeous fir frame and cotton canvas featuring well-traveled luggage on a backdrop of vintage maps, it's a must-have for anyone with a serious case of wanderlust.
Piano music has been known for its soothing effect for centuries. Whether you  like to play a few favorite songs to unwind or like to listen to one of the greats perform a concerto, you may not realize that even the image of a piano can have the same calming presence. Hang our acrylic piece in a living room or family room for a note of serenity.
Why not invite a couple of friends over for tea? This pair of fine-feathered friends will always be there to bring a smile to your face whenever you need a pick-me-up. Done in pale, pretty shades, our pair of acrylic canvases will feel right at home in an entryway, living room, family room or kitchen.
The peacock is a magnificent bird, and its vivid, iridescent plumage is stunning. In Buddhism, the peacock is a symbol of purity, and its feathers are highly prized. Hand-painted on canvas, our peacock is dazzling and sure to be prized by you and your guests as well.
With cheerful chirpers for winter, spring, summer and fall, our art set is an appropriate look all year long. Display one canvas at a time, or layer all four in a refreshing gallery-style wall.
Small, thoughtfully designed accessories can have a big impact—and this unique piece of art is no exception. Crafted with pine and cotton and painted by hand, our single feather is a great conversation piece for any wall.
Our canvas-on-wood feather painting makes a stunning impression. First, there is the scale, which draws the eye toward your tall and narrow space. Then, the simplicity of the subject works well with rustic decor or as an unexpected accent to a more contemporary environment. Imagine a living area with a sleek black sofa, fur rug and chrome and glass tables. See? Now you get why this should be in the picture.
For a metallic accent in your entryway, living room, powder room or bedroom, our avian friends sing a cheerful note in timeless style. A casual variation on a classic Chinese theme, these birds and branches are hand-painted on canvas to bring out the luster in all the metal surfaces in your room.
For added teal appeal in your entryway, living room, powder room or bedroom, our avian friends sing a cheerful note in timeless style. A casual variation on a classic Chinese theme, these birds and branches are hand-painted on canvas to bring out the happy hues in your room.
Our trio of birds is perched but alert, aware that they may need to take flight soon. Happily, this threesome, hand-painted in muted shades and neutrals, will be safe within the confines of your study, living room or bedroom.
Our mixed-media, hand-painted portrait on cotton canvas features vivid brushstrokes and invigorating colors. The central figures? A pair of avians sitting on a branch while deeply gazing into one another’s eyes. That’s the look of two lovebirds, don’t you think?
Wade into a classic look with a pleasing neutral palette. Our regal crane, hand-painted on a cotton canvas, lends a splash of serenity to your living room or family room.
Finding attractive and affordable wall art can be for the birds—and we mean that in the best possible way. This hand-painted acrylic on canvas brings a note of cheer to the room with its whimsical depiction of birdhouses and their inhabitants. Hung in a breakfast nook, powder room, laundry room or kitchen, you can play up any one of the festive colors with other accent pieces or simply let the painting pop in a neutral setting.
Long before social media came on the scene, people found plenty to tweet about. Art was a favorite topic—let's bring that back, shall we? With our hand-painted artwork of cheerful chirpers and a background that perfectly complements their colors, it should be easy.
Inspired by a flock of our most colorful feathered friends, this hand-painted artwork, with a background of muted teals and golds, brings the best of the outdoors inside. Cardinal hues make it a natural for coordinating with neutral furniture and accent pieces.
Inked directly on birch, our iconic avian artwork combines a simple graphic sensibility with the unexpected textures of the underlying wood grain. A soothing palette and gently aged patina create a happy subtlety perfect for quiet places in your home.
Hand-painted on pine, a group of plump and colorful birds gather on a branch to discuss neighborhood news and all that’s atwitter. So what’s the daily feed? That’s anyone’s guess, but one thing is for sure: This charming piece will have people talking.
Feminine, whimsical and fanciful, the hummingbird depicted on our painted canvas does possess a bit of Bohemian spirit. Using an unexpected palate that includes pink atop a black background, the quirky, colorful style of this unique piece should be perfectly suited for accenting a bedroom or boudoir. Just think of the decorative fun it will inspire.
These birds have gathered together and decided that they’d like to live on your wall. Which is a great thing because their pretty colors, subtle texture and spirited poses will perk up your room. Looks like everyone (and every bird) is in agreement.
This whimsical mixed-media study features vivid brushstrokes of color with an ironically watchful subject. Commissioned and curated by our experienced art buyers, it's a Pier 1, hand-painted original and one-of-a-kind. Did you know that Pier 1 has an extensive gallery of fine art and prints? Browse online or see them up-close-and-personal in our stores.
Do you feather your own nest with eclectic finds? Then you’ll have something in common with our curious bird, grasping his treasures of mixed media, including sheet music and pages of literature. It’s a safe bet he has the most fascinating home on the block—just like you.
Our intricately illustrated pachyderm frolicks among oversized flowers on this piece done in a warm palette of green, orange and red popping against the charcoal gray of the elephant herself. Perfect for a child's playroom or nursery, it's an image they'll always treasure.
This friendly fellow saved you a spot—won’t you make a place for him? Done in a soothing palette, this feathered friend will happily perch in your family room or living room.
What does determination look like? A little birdy told us it looks a lot like this. Hang this canvas anywhere you’d like a bright and friendly reminder to stand strong.
There's a lot to love about this canvas. Put one or a pair of these pieces as an accent on a bare wall—above a favorite chair, in your office or as delicate art in a guest bath. The effect will prove charming, indeed.
We think a perfect nesting spot for our winged friends would be in a sitting room. After all, birds of a feather sit together.
With its strong graphic technique, our fanciful deer is posed over pansies, poppies and posies to bring multilayered visual interest to your living areas. From, say, 10 feet away, an arresting design appears. Draw closer, though, and succeeding levels of detail emerge. You may discover it's just what your wall has needed.
We have a soft spot for squirrels; clearly, the artist who painted our acrylic-on-cotton canvas does, too. Muted shades, kind eyes, a chubby belly and a scattering of acorns below paused paws make this wall art a charming tribute to one of Mother Nature's busiest furry friends.
If it were Christmas, we’d call this handsome guy Dasher. As it stands, we’ll stick with Dashing since he represents a mighty fine-looking buck. The artist has turned the unlikely subject of our modest-sized painting into a fantastical canvas, with colorful blooms, botanical greenery and flying butterflies swirling through the scene.
If felines strike your fancy, our fancy feline belongs on your wall. In his velvet jacket, ascot, feathered top hat and pince nez, our frolicsome friend resides on a framed canvas for countless hours of study. Like all cats, this one can easily stare you down, and we're sure you'll crack up before he does.
Resplendent in full-on Victorian regalia, our crafty canine is outfitted for a formal evening at home—your home. With top hat and rose-colored glasses ready for deployment, our framed canvas is certain to bring an air of fun to family gatherings. That should be a feather in your cap.
Sometimes, even the most dignified among us must don an extra bit of flair. For our resourceful avian, that means not only a feathered top-hat, but also a monocle with quick-change diopters as well. After all, just because one is wise and resides on a framed canvas, it doesn't mean one can't have a touch of style.
While we haven't yet answered the eternal question of what the fox says, we now know how he would like to be seen. All along, it turns out, our fox has fancied himself something of a style maven, presented here in a tastefully festooned top hat in a blue that matches his eyes. A clever choice for your favorite room, no doubt.
Forget the hee-haw. Lesser-known donkey traits include their discerning taste, and intelligent—as well as well as protective—mentality. For those who appreciate the creatures, our hand-painted abstract makes a colorful tribute. Its obvious charm fills a blank space with vibrance.
Our painting may be bursting with vibrant florals and an energetic, Bohemian vibe, but its four-legged subject seems content to sit and stay. Which is what we love about this cute pooch. That, and her knack for causing smiles.
Naturalism meets fantasy on our canvas. Invite the great outdoors home with delicate brushstrokes in a pretty palette that creates a brilliant display of flora and fauna.
The famed author Henry David Thoreau (1817–1862) read “Walking” as part of his lecture series during the 1850s, in which he said, “All good things are wild and free.” This beloved quote instills a love of nature more than 150 years later.
Naturalism meets fantasy on our canvas. Invite the great outdoors home with delicate brushstrokes in a pretty palette that creates a brilliant display of flora and fauna.
Add classic French Provincial flair to your home with our hand-painted rooster. Perch this early bird in your kitchen and the two of you can enjoy your morning coffee together.
Ahhh, the delicate petals of a freshly bloomed flower. Accompanied by a pretty pair of birds, our heady blossom creates a peaceful scene hand-painted in a creamy palette with dazzling golden highlights.
Our clever fox urges you to fear not. Find your inner courage to weather life’s storms. And when the storms pass, you will see that you have survived. After all, the storms don’t last forever. You just have to be brave enough to see past them.
Authenticity is key to our bunny’s personal philosophy. Be your weird and wonderful self. Life is too short to be any other way. Now hop to it!
You’ve heard it said before, but a little reminder never hurts: Be bold. Go ahead and grab two handfuls of happiness. Dare to dream and follow your dreams when the chance presents itself. After all, this is your life to lead. Make it spectacular.
By day, he’s just your ordinary house cat. He eats some nibbles and catches catnaps. But by night? He becomes  Super Cat, a mischievous marvel that zips through the house. His super powers are always being able to land on his feet and being ridiculously cute.
No picture window? No problem. You can bring the best of the outdoors inside with this lively painted artwork depicting blackbirds in a tree amid changing leaves. See? It's just that easy to create a room with a view. Exclusively Pier 1.
You probably knew foxes were clever, but did you realize they’re smart dressers, too? Donning glasses and a bow tie, our painted red fox looks quite dashing. Show off his style by hanging him in your living room, hallway or (fittingly) den.
Dogs and cats aren’t always at odds. Well, at least, dogs aren’t, as confirmed by our small (but adorable) painted canvas.
They can’t fly, but studies show swine are smart, and they’re definitely cute. The artist behind our painted cotton canvas must have known all that—and had a sense of humor, too.
Miss Kitty may be little-bitty, but she’s got cuteness in spades. Our painted cotton canvas will appeal to feline fans everywhere.
Especially popular in Indiana during the 19th century, the round barn design was touted as a more efficient use of space and materials. Today, we think they’re simply beautiful, evoking a pre-industrial era in farming. Our example is painted in a charming American Primitive style with bold, primary colors.
Standing atop a gentle slope, our American Primitive-style schoolhouse is appealing for students, teachers and all who have ever loved learning. Perfect for the home office, of course, but also in entryways, living rooms and anywhere reading is enjoyed.
Our Lush Roses Art features gorgeous florals arrayed in oversized scale for a timeless effect in bedrooms, powder rooms or anywhere blooms are appreciated. It's just the sort of art that the Victorians would have hung if only they'd had Pier 1.
Congratulations! You’ve found it—your happy place. Now you simply need something on the wall that tells one and all" Our chalkboard-style artwork (actually paint-on-jute) should do the job, handsomely. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
We all appreciate a touch of elegance in unexpected places. Mrs. Cow, for example, adorns herself with a tiara of wildflowers and hipster glasses, simply because beauty matters. She’s presented on canvas in a giclee-over-print technique.
Ever notice how a pair of glasses immediately increases your IQ? Case in point—our sophisticated pup, who adds a natty bow tie to establish his academic cred. All on canvas in a giclee-over-print technique that’s doggone adorable.
Some of us are just born to swagger. That’s what the pug life is all about. Take it from Pier 1—it’s all in the details, like the red fedora and old-school specs. Rendered with a giclee-over-print technique, the pug life is doggone adorable.
How can you say no to those eyes? We certainly couldn’t! We've presented our adorable pup painting on a stretched canvas framed by a beautifully contrasting blue background. So where will you put it? Wherever you decide, we’re certain it’ll stay for a long time.
With a curious expression, our watercolor bear makes a charming friend for your gallery wall, hallway or guest room. He’ll be right at home among other woodland-themed decor, but he can easily inhabit any stylish space.
We have a soft spot for squirrels. Muted shades, kind eyes and a bushy tail make our wall art a charming tribute to one of Mother Nature's busiest furry friends.
Ever curious and ready to hop, our Bunny Art will add smiles to a child's room or a bathroom. The cotton canvas is neatly framed in pine and ready to add a sense of delight wherever you hang it.
Touting the perfect puppy pout, our decoupage boxer art turns man’s best friend into your favorite decorative piece. He brings the cuteness and charm of a furry friend—with none of the mess!
It won’t be hard to find the perfect spot for our darling, decoupage wall art. This adorable Dalmatian brings a bold dose of color and fills any space with a dash of the kind of charm only man’s best friend can provide.
Let our adorable, decoupage wall art bring charm and color to your empty wall space because nothing says welcome like man’s best friend.
Perhaps it’s the pale clouds. Or the glimpse of a blue horizon. Or maybe it’s imagining just what these two friends are communicating to one another as they perch so gracefully among the twigs. For our art buyer, it was the sum of all of these that led to this particular piece. Let us know after you hang it in your home which element most speaks to you.
Who can resist the simple beauty of a just-bloomed dogwood branch? Certainly not this chipper fellow. Soothing shades of blue and the angle of his perch make our canvas one your eye wanders to over and over.
They say white roosters are rare. Rarer still are those with such a commanding presence. Our uncommon find boasts tail feathers that even a peacock would envy and a proud comb that assures his position as king of any coop—whether that be in your family room, living room or loft.
Every dog has his day, but our adorable pup has every day because we’re wrapped around his adorable little paw. We love the idea of taking traditional portraiture and giving it a fetchingly whimsical twist. Hand-painted in acrylic, each canvas is truly unique and bears variations from the artist’s hand.
There’s a legend that if one repeats the word “rabbit” three times when awakening on the first day of a month, you’ll enjoy good luck all month long. While we can’t attest to the verity of the lore, we can say with certainty that our adorable bunny in an elegant cup will bring a smile to your face every day of every month.
Maple leaves have long been symbols of wisdom and unity, qualities that are paid tribute to in our beautiful mixed-media artwork. It is framed and ready to grace your home office, living room or family room.
Honor the mighty oak with our mixed-media artwork. Revered for centuries as a symbol of strength and stability, oak leaves are also perfectly formed by nature for aesthetic appreciation. This framed piece will lend a sense of nobility to your home office, living room or family room.
Alighted on a delicate branch, our peaceful robin is a study in stillness. Painted in the classic style of naturalists, it will offer a sense of serenity wherever you hang it.
Who is deeper in thought upon gazing at this painting—you or the bird? Since it isn’t a contest, be content in the stillness and peacefulness of the moment, which can last as long as you’d like.
The bluebird is known for bringing happiness, but did you know it is also very determined? What a lovely combination to reflect upon when beginning each day. Let it inspire you wherever you might hang it, whether in an entryway, family room or living room.
Nature is full of surprises. A bird making friends with a squirrel? It’s certainly worth contemplating in our whimsical work of art. Painted in soothing neutral colors, it’s as calming as it is fanciful.
Created with UV-resistant fabric, our work of art deserves, and can handle, its day in the sun. So you’ll enjoy the vibrant colors, teardrop shapes and stylized lotus motif for a long time—indoors or out.
Bring the coastal theme to life, indoors or out, with our iconic, hand-painted crane. Vibrant colors, lavish brushwork and durable craftsmanship come together to create an artistic statement, at once dynamic and serene.
Love hydrangeas? We do. This classic botanical study presents larger-than-life bracts on a metal “canvas” that’s ready to adorn indoor or covered outdoor settings. The best news? No special watering or fertilizers required.
Featuring junonia shells, cursive script and a ship’s silhouette, our coastal print gives any wall a seaside feel. And UV-protected fabric means it can hang indoors or out. Now all you’ll need to complete the atmosphere is a light breeze.
Seaside romance without the sand and sunscreen? We’ve got it right here in our moody piece of art. Cool shades of cobalt, teal and ivory combine in a collage-like style that suggests the coast is never truly far away.
Sand dollar. Sea Cookie. Snapper biscuit. Whatever you call this delightful little urchin, we’ve given it new life in our moody piece of art. Cool shades of cobalt combine with watercolor and collage techniques for a look that always inspires coastal romance.
Cool off on even the hottest of patios and find inner peace while looking into this beautiful Buddha painting. The painting's UV protection will keep its calming colors safe for a long time to come.
"To everything there is a season," an oft-quoted line brought to colorful life in our hand-painted canvas. This patchwork of leaves in varying stages of spring, summer and fall pays respectful tribute to the notion that nature is full of inspiration, renewal and reflection.
A statement piece to span seating arrangements in living or dining areas, our handcrafted work is a three-dimensional expression of enduring nature. Hand-cut metal leaves are painted in shifting metallics to represent autumn. A hand-painted canvas brings a cool, wintery backdrop, while touches of pink and amber hint at spring and summer.
Our particularly handsome variation on a traditional botanical print is remarkable for its reversed background, faux-aged patina and nailhead trim. Think of it as an instantly hip antiquity that happens to be brand-new and exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Sometimes a symbol of friendship, our beautiful Bamboo Wall Art will be your new bestie. The calm, Asian-inspired design is ideal for any space—from your living room to your bedroom—and is just what you’ve been looking for to complete your decor.
Our hand-painted canvas depicts leaves as they're just starting to turn and puts your view on this side of a windowpane, which adds a sense of distance. Hang this interpretation in a bedroom or living room where you can study it up close.
Botanical illustration is experiencing a revival, much to our delight. And our intricate drawing of wheat stems is the perfect example. An art form that dates back hundreds of years, botanical artwork captures a specimen on paper beautifully.
Framed and ready to hang, our amaryllis brings new meaning to the term “wallflower.” Our fancy floral offers soft elegance within a hand-sketched look.
Whether eaten, juiced for limoncello or used for aromatherapy, lemons are an uplifting addition to any home so brighten up a lonely wall with our cheerful artwork.
According to the Chinese zodiac, sheep represent sincerity, gentleness and compassion. Bring these values home with our whimsical wall art.
Did you know that no two cows have the same set of spots? They’re unique, just like you. Show off your one-of-a-kind style with our whimsical wall art.
According to the Chinese zodiac, pigs represent fortune, honesty and happiness. Bring these values home with our whimsical wall art.
Want to lend a coastal cottage appeal to your home? Our starfish-inspired art brings to mind the best that the beach has to offer—restful relaxation.
Wild horses won’t be able to keep you away from our captivating study in black and white. And finding a prominent place in your home for this showpiece shouldn’t be a challenge. Just let your imagination run wild.
A modern farmhouse aesthetic calls for decor full of character. Penelope is just that, posing with her petunias and a winsome smile. Bring her home with you to fill your house with some farmhouse cheer.
The cow has finally come home. Painted on a burlap canvas, our artwork is a fresh take on modern farmhouse style.
This bird has come home to roost. Painted on a burlap canvas, our artwork is a fresh take on modern farmhouse style.
There’s comfort in friendship. Painted on a burlap canvas, our artwork is a fresh take on modern farmhouse style.
The knowing gaze of a buck is always captivating, but here, the artist adds to the natural beauty with what looks to be “living” antlers rendered with dogwood-like blooms. Hand-painted in acrylic on a cotton canvas, the scene features a colorful abstract background and two plump birds that are all atwitter.
The buck stops here because our hand-painted acrylic is a sure thing for nature lovers. Proving that deer needn’t be a masculine addition to your decorative landscape, our hand-painted acrylic features antlers come alive with a plump bird sitting in the midst of gorgeous blooms.
Who knew a bovine could be so appealing? It must be the wispy brushstrokes, kind eyes and colorful daisies that collaborate to create our matte painting on a cotton canvas—one that is not too big or small in scale, but naturally perfect.
When the party’s over, who’s left to help clean up? That’s right, man’s best friend. Our canine companion is chasing down all those stray balloons in rare style, in this pencil-perfect rendering mounted under glass with a classic black frame. And, like any good dog, he’s guaranteed to stay—right where you hang him.
From now on, you’ll always have something to celebrate, thanks to our newest party animal. Our pencil-perfect baby bulldog is surrounded by a white matte under glass with a classic black frame. Clearly, she’s not going anywhere, for any number of reasons. Party on!
What happens when bulldog and butterfly "meet cute?" Pure adorability, that’s what. Our pencil-perfect pairing is surrounded by a white matte under glass with a classic black frame. Just so you’ll always be reminded that true friendship is an art. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
When adorable meets delicate, the results can only be, "aw-w-w." And you’ll also be in awe of our pencil-perfect pairing, surrounded by a white matte under glass with a classic black frame. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
When it’s time to have a ball, whether in the kitchen, den or powder room, here’s all the encouragement you need. This pencil-perfect pup is surrounded by a white matte under glass with a classic black frame—and in a style that could only be described as fetching. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Everyone looks elegant in a tutu, and we can think of no better example of its slimming effect than when combined with the ageless beauty of our prima ballerina, Chloe Puglova. This pencil-perfect pug is surrounded by on a white matte under glass with a classic black frame. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Ever alert and quite adorable, our curious cottontail takes a moment to scope out its surroundings. What will it see? Your living room, bedroom or hallway? No matter where it goes, the muted gray palette offers a soothing addition to any space.
Our collage of indigo nautical motifs on glass tiles creates a new seafaring icon in your living or family room. Handsomely framed in iron with a weathered patina, this is the perfect accent to any nautically themed space.
If you to express your wild side, congratulations. You're looking at your next acquisition. Painted in brilliant acrylics on canvas, our vibrant deer is designed to bring unbridled energy to your living areas.
As natural, outdoorsy trends develop in home decor, it’s timely to consider a touch of serenity in the midst of rugged beauty. Our hand-painted, canvas-on-frame deer, poised in a dappled meadow, will create a welcome touch of calm and tranquility in your entryway, living room, powder room or bedroom.
Bursting with unbridled spirit, our wild yet graceful herd brings life to any part of your bedroom, den or living room. And its neutral tones let it blend in with your decor. Go ahead, add this equine masterpiece to your stable.
Where are they casting their gaze? They seem at peace, unafraid. Executed in calm neutrals, our hand-painted deer will bring a quiet inquisitiveness into your living room, bedroom or study. Enjoy the harmony.
Simultaneously graceful and powerful, a galloping horse can inspire dreams of poetry in motion. Hang our painted canvas in your study, living room, bedroom or entryway and let your imagination take the reins.
To some people, cattle are considered the most ancient form of wealth. With that in mind, you’ll want to add our striking piece of art to your collection. Painted by hand on a cotton canvas atop a fir frame, it uses calming watercolor techniques to depict a lifelike heifer.
Here's an utterly modern take on Old MacDonald's farm. This vividly hand-painted canvas is ready to mosey on into your living room, study, bedroom or entryway—wherever you'd like a natural conversation piece.
A splendid taxonomical survey of cornet-shaped seashells, our artwork is painted on linen with a bronze, nailhead-trimmed frame. Appealing in its symmetry and variety—think about how unusual that is—this is a work to adorn your study, bath or kitchen.
Rustic art or ultra-contemporary accent? In variegated shades of steel gray, our stoic bovine would be at home in a log cabin surrounded by wood furnishings but would also command attention in a room of chrome, glass and stone. The question becomes: How daring are you?
Seen through the morning mist, this family of deer is even more ethereal and majestic. It’s a scene that makes you want to hold your breath so they won’t disappear. That’s the effect achieved by our hand-painted acrylic canvas, perfect for instilling a sense of calm in your family room or living room.
In centuries past, this scene was much more common than it is today. Wild horses, running free across the open range, celebrating their freedom and their power. Rendered in acrylic on cotton canvas, our work of art captures not just a time, but also a spirit that still inspires us today.
Loyal, caring, kind-hearted and trusting—is there any doubt why dogs are our best friends? Especially this blissfully patient pup, posing with a chapeau of blooms for a hand-painted portrait in acrylic. Let this peaceful pooch bring a sense of fun to your family room, kitchen or even dining room.
An apparition? A dream? Or a vision of flora and fauna gracefully combining? Whatever inspired the artist to hand-paint this canvas in acrylic will remain a mystery. But its allure and ability to spark your imagination is no secret.
From Hittite to Celt, Christian to Hindu, deer have figured into many of the world's great cultures and religions. Whatever your persuasion, you can honor this magnificent, gentle animal with our Noble Deer Art. With a rustic fir frame and cotton canvas, it’s a reverent look for living rooms, home offices and trophy rooms.
Rich, stained wood and burlap mats come together to create a collection of timeless frames. The versatile look blends easily with a gallery of art and images. Frame can hold a 16x20 or matted 11x14 photo.
Sometimes personalizing a wall has a dazzling effect on your entire home. With the right 5x7 photo, our Mavis Wall Frame is striking enough to do it. Handcrafted and painted an opulent gold, its sophisticated design and bold hue turn a blank space into a brilliant space.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed pecan glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit an 8x10 or matted 5x7 photo.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed charcoal glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit an 8x10 or matted 5x7 photo.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed pecan glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit an 11x14 or matted 8x10 photo.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed charcoal glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit an 11x14 or matted 8x10 photo.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed pecan glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit a 16x20 or matted 11x14 photo.
Like the lively flapper-era dance it’s named after, our Charleston frame is a real showstopper. The handcrafted pine frame is finished with a distressed charcoal glaze and faux-braid carving for added appeal. Versatile enough to fit a 16x20 or matted 11x14 photo.
Ahhh, the beach. Where else would you rather be? Keep its cool waters and sandy shores on your mind with our sentimental frame. Crafted of wooden planks, slightly distressed and hand-painted, it will hold your favorite 5x7 beachside memory.
Ahhh, the lake. Where else would you rather be? Keep its cool waters and sandy shores on your mind with our sentimental frame. Crafted of wooden planks, slightly distressed and hand-painted, it will hold your favorite 5x7 lakeside memory.
Our wooden frame is a thing of beauty. It’s hand-painted an upbeat teal with a bright yellow inner border, distressed edges and an inspiring message. Add your 5x7 photo and let it beautify your mantel, bookshelf or coffee table. Lovely.
Enhance your 11x14 photo in many subtle ways—handcraftsmanship, a timeless antique white hue, distressed edges and a permanent mat. The sum of it all? One forever-pretty frame.
Enhance your 5x7 photo in many subtle ways—handcraftsmanship, a timeless antique white hue, distressed edges and a permanent mat. The sum of it all? One forever-pretty frame.
Our handcrafted wall frame features an antiqued design with a hint of modern sleekness. It makes your favorite photo more noticeable, highlighting your precious moments in heirloom-inspired style.
Make your memories even more beautiful with the perfectly distressed, delicately ornate details of our handcrafted frame. It expertly fills your empty wall space with character and style that’s uniquely you.
Rustic meets beach chic, mixed with a touch of vintage. Our Pier 1 exclusive features a hand-carved, whitewashed frame that will be a welcome addition to any decorative style.
Captain your decor to charming shores with our nautical frame. An inspiring message is hand-painted across distressed wooden planks. Add your favorite 5x7 photo and weigh anchor.
Have a fun 5x7 photo of your latest pool party, beach trip or a day at the water park? Here’s the perfect frame for it. Hand-painted, it features distressed wooden planks and delightful script.
Rich, ebony-stained wood and a linen mat come together to create a timeless frame. The versatile look blends easily into any gallery of art and images. Holds your favorite 16x20 or matted 11x14 image.
Rich, ebony-stained wood and a linen mat come together to create a timeless frame. The versatile look blends easily into any gallery of art and images. Holds your favorite 11x14 or matted 8x10 photo.
Our distressed wood frame has a vintage feel and a gallery-quality linen mat to surround your favorite 16x20 or matted 11x14 image. Can't you see it in the bedroom, hall or placed on a wall near the sunroom?
Our distressed wood frame has a vintage feel and a gallery-quality linen mat to surround your favorite 11x14 or matted 8x10 image. Can't you see it in the bedroom, hall or placed on a wall near the sunroom?
Rich brown wood and burlap come together to create this rustic frame. Put your favorite image in the spotlight—a 11x14 or matted 8x10 photo.
Take a quick trip down memory lane with our 9-opening wall collage frame. It's a great way to remember a special time, place or person in your life. Notice how the white washed wooden frame with neutral linen mats makes everything blend together beautifully.
What holds a family together? Sometimes, it’s a pretty wrought iron wall frame that holds all your favorite photos together in a way that’s as one-of-a-kind as your family is.
Rich, stained wood and burlap mats come together to create a timeless photo display. Perfect for a hallway, gallery or as the focal point of a room, this collage holds nine favorite photos in a range of sizes.
With this awesome collage frame, you won't have to choose one picture you want to display — you'll have to choose 11. Good thing you took that decision-making course.
Like many gatherings of loved ones, each individual in this collage has a distinct look, while sharing common materials. So which loved one is going in the grapevine frame? Or the case-mitred, weathered one? We all know who gets the loopy one, though, right?
Dark-stained wood and linen mats come together to create a timeless photo display. Perfect for a hallway, gallery or as the focal point of a room, this wonderfully jumbled collage holds nine favorite photos in a range of sizes.
Sometimes, showing off your one-of-a-kind personality requires more than one photo. With space for three of your favorites, our wooden collage frame has you covered. Plus, it’s painted antique white for extra charm and has a rope for easy hanging.
Sometimes, showing off your one-of-a-kind personality requires more than one photo. With space for six of your favorites, our wooden collage frame has you covered. Plus, it’s painted antique white for extra charm and has a rope for easy hanging.
Eclectic and geometric, our collage frame is crafted of metal with a gorgeous foil finish. It provides a refined sense to any of your photos. Yes, even if you and your friends are making funny faces in them.
Showcase a quintet of photos in our antiqued wooden collage frame. Friends, family and pets—they can all be included. And no matter which photos you decide on, our frame’s black hue and layered look will make them really pop, especially black-and-whites. It comes with all 26 letters, A to Z, plus “love” and “home” as inserts to go into the center of the frame.
Showcase a quintet of photos in our antiqued wooden collage frame. Friends, family and pets—they can all be included. And no matter which photos you decide on, our frame’s ivory hue and layered look will make them really pop, especially black-and-whites. It comes with all 26 letters, A to Z, plus “love” and “home” as inserts to go into the center of the frame.
Home sweet home is even sweeter when you display photos of family members or notes commemorating important occasions. Our hand-carved mango wood collage frame will look handsome hanging in an entryway or on a family room wall.
Hand-painted and forged from iron, our collage is perfectly suited to feature four of your most memorable moments. With its embellished scrollwork, this statement piece won’t let your favorite subjects go unnoticed.
Forged from iron, our collage features cheery flowery embellishments topped with a sparkling gem to house five of your favorite memories.
Rustic meets beach chic, mixed with a touch of vintage. Our Pier 1 exclusive features a hand-carved whitewashed frame that will be a welcome addition to any wall collage.
With six frames to house your most memorable moments, our collage is sure to make some waves. Crafted with seafaring accents, it’s sure to make a splash in your beach house or ocean-themed room.
How do we love thee? We count at least six ways, as depicted in the stacked 5x7 photos set inside our exclusive handcrafted frame that's hung on the wall so everyone can see.
What better way to relive your island vacation than with our burlap collage. Handcrafted, it’s the perfect way to house six of your favorite seaside moments.
What better way to relive your island vacation than with our burlap collage. Handcrafted, it’s the perfect way to house three of your favorite 4x6 seaside moments.
Treasured photos are your most valuable family heirlooms, so why not showcase them in the lovely, antiqued style of our mirrored wall frame. A touch of sleekness gives it modern appeal, making it an instantly brilliant addition to your home decor.
Complement your favorite 4x6 photos with our elegantly handcrafted wooden frame. It features carved borders, sophisticated accents in each corner and space for seven special memories. Charming, don’t you think?
Ahhh, the beach. Where else would you rather be? Keep its cool waters and sandy shores on your mind with our sentimental frame. Crafted of wooden planks, slightly distressed and hand-painted, it will hold three of your favorite beachside memories.
Want to know what time it is? Just look to our frame. Once you add three of your favorite laid-back 4x6 photos to its hand-painted message on distressed wooden planks, everyone will know it’s relax o’clock.
Capture several beautiful life moments in our antiqued frame. Charming, with a simple sentiment inscribed across wooden planks, it gives four of your favorite snapshots in time a place to call home.
Whether you want to feature family members or note memories of important events, a fun vacation, our collage frame turns your photos into a piece of art. Generously sized, handcrafted and given a distressed finish, it beautifully displays six photos.
One picture may be worth a thousand words, but seven tell an epic narrative. Share all of your favorite moments in our handsome collage frame, crafted by hand of pine with detailed carvings and an antiqued charcoal finish.
What’s near and dear to your heart? Whether it’s your kids, friends or pets, display treasured photos of them all in our charming collage frame. Baroque-inspired keys border six antiqued frames, delivering a dreamy touch.
With its antiqued look, intricate key embellishments and three heart-shaped openings, our hand-carved frame is perfectly suited for displaying photos of your loved ones.
Exhibit your favorite memories in sophisticated style. Our gorgeous frame is hand-painted a rich, walnut brown and has graceful cast iron along its scalloped edges. Picture-perfect, isn’t it?
Shabby chic gets dressed up with our quintet of distressed wooden frames. Perfectly suited to hold a collection of fun memories, this vintage-inspired collage boasts classic iron embellishments, creating a graceful impression. Wherever you hang it—hallway, office or living room—it will create a refined atmosphere.
Sometimes it’s hard to pick just one. Our Bradley collage frame makes decision-making a little more manageable. It holds 10 photos: Two 5x7s, six 4x6s and two 4x4s. So, rather than have to narrow your vacation to one perfect image, you can pick several. Easier, right?
How do we love thee? We count at least six ways as depicted in the stacked 5x7 photos set inside a handcrafted, whitewashed frame that's hung on the wall so everyone can see.
Photos add a personal touch to any room. This substantial whitewash wood frame features 12 openings—each with a pastel paper backdrop to enhance the display of your favorite memories.
Amateur photographer? Photo hoarder? Empty wall-owner? Have we got a frame for you. Eleven frames, actually, including one pre-mounted with an acid-free mat. Think of the possibilities. We'll start: A picture of your child surrounded by his or her artwork. Your turn.
Gather together your favorite memories of family and friends in our pine collage. Handcrafted with a natural finish, it’s a celebration of beauty in simplicity.
Collect a few of your favorite photos in our collage frame. It's perfect for including all your friends and family or for displaying a collection from a memorable trip.
Soft ivory scrolling, embossed details on the tail and a ring of pearls to highlight your 3x3 photo make this a fine feathered friend, indeed. Feel free to let it perch on your desk or bookshelf.
A rustic, weathered verdigris over engineered wood gives this little bird vintage appeal. But the sparkling, gem-encrusted pewter ring around the 31/2x31/2 photo opening is really something to tweet home about.
This earthy Mosaic Frame has been handcrafted to create a dazzling geode effect.
A natural-colored linen mat lends this one-of-a-kind white washed frame a custom look. Come in store today and buy multiples to make a special grouping of your favorite memories.
Basic white would be too basic. But white wash? For some reason, that makes everything more interesting, softer and warmer at the same time. What a perfect way to showcase your special memories or add to other frames and accents for a fresh display.
Feature a treasured or newly made memory with this retro sunflower 4x4 photo frame. The bright yellow ceramic is lightly distressed to create the appearance of a fabulous vintage find.
If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a picture frame like this might just be the Great American Novel. Handcrafted from sustainable pine, it features unique double molding with a weathered finish and contrasting edging. Words that come to mind: Rustic, charming, quaint, farmhouse. That's four. Now it's your turn.
Rich, ebony-stained wood and a linen mat come together to create a timeless frame. The versatile look blends easily into any gallery of art and images. Holds your favorite 8x10 or matted 5x7 photo.
Sometimes, a picture is important enough that the frame should simply do its job and not call attention to itself. With the slightest finish detail that brings extra attention to the photo itself, this is suitable for framing your most treasured photos.
Strong, resilient and naturally iridescent, nacre (a.k.a. mother of pearl) is derived from the inner shell of mollusks and the outer coating of pearls. We've taken this oceanic treasure and crafted a set of gorgeous frames designed to do justice to your favorite photographs, that shimmer with shades of ivory and sand.
All that glitters may not be gold, but in this case, what’s glittering is our beautiful golden frame. Artfully crafted of glass, it’ll glam up your desk, nightstand or coffee table. Just select a treasured 4x6 photo you’d like to display. Or give it as a gift.
Draw attention to your 4x6 photo of choice by featuring it in our handcrafted frame. Variegated mother-of-pearl shells provide an eye-catching shimmer while its border of faux gems adds to the luxe look. You can’t help but notice it.
Our pale blue frame has a timeless feel, thanks to its deeply sculpted ceramic motif with a weathered-look finish. We would even say it's picture-perfect for displaying a cherished memory in the form of a 4x6 photo.
Our hand-painted pine frame is simple in its elegance, offering an ideal space to let your favorite 5x7 photo shine.
Textures combine to create the dynamic design of our chain-link metal frame. Mix it with other metal tones to create a lush look, or add it in with soft, neutral tones and let the design and your favorite 5x7 photo, stand out in your decor.
Hand-painted damask designs stand out on the espresso finish of our elegant wood frame, drawing attention to the special image inside. It mingles easily with any decor and looks supremely elegant on any shelf or table. All you need to do is add your favorite 4x6 snapshot.
Our handcrafted frame is simply perfect for displaying that artful 5x7 photo you love. It’s ideal hanging in a hallway, but it's just as perfect on a shelf. It makes decorating an easy endeavor.
Your most cherished moments stay frozen in time with the lovely, distressed design of our hand-carved frame. The scrolled styling is versatile and beautiful and makes an ideal backdrop for the 4x6 photo you love the most.
Although inspired by the sea, our frame goes almost anywhere on land—from beach house to powder room to nautical nursery. Produced by laser cutting, its layered, 3-D effect offers a unique visual complement to your chosen 4x6 photo.
Charm and elegance coexist beautifully on our classic frame. Hand-painted antique white and masterfully distressed, it boasts a mix of sophisticated swirls and cute floral bursts, which only get more lovely when you add your 4x6 photo.
Frame within a frame within a frame—you get the picture. Our wooden frame outlines a beaded and rope motif, giving your 5x7 photo a sense of depth.
Beautifully captured memories deserve a stylish display, and our hand-painted frame features soft tones and a distinct design. Clean lines complement the white and gray color while the nailhead trim adds character and makes your favorite snapshot stand out even more.
Our metal frame is handcrafted with a rope motif and has a hand-painted, metallic silver-colored finish. Its handsome yet simple design keeps the focus on your charming 5x7 photo.
Ahhh, the lake. Where else would you rather be? Keep its cool waters and sandy shores on your mind with our sentimental frame. Crafted of wooden planks, slightly distressed and hand-painted, it will hold your favorite 5x7 lakeside memory.
Edged in silver, our two-toned blue frame is all about linear thinking. Snap a smartphone photo, have a print made, then display. Once housed in this timeless design, you can revisit a favorite memory at a glance.
Our Hutton frame is worthy of a favorite photo. Strips of glass have been hand-placed in a vertical linear design to create its lustrous luxe look. After all, you and yours deserve the best.
A little glitz and glimmer are always fun. With golden and bronze-colored highlights, our handcrafted Mosaic Frame will artfully display your 5x7 photo—whether it features a somber pose or a laughing snapshot.
Brilliant moments are worthy of an equally dazzling display. Take this one, for example. Rows of faux jewels are the perfect setting for a 5x7 photo from a wedding, anniversary, christening or other memorable occasion.
Cool and classy—our pine frame shows that you can be both. Its distressed teal border surrounds a sophisticated, ivory-hued inner frame. The contrast of color and style makes any 5x7 photo stand out. A refreshing combination, don’t you think?
Lend a cozy cabin vibe to your home with this frame. Handcrafted mango wood and rough-hewn edges impart ruggedness, but mitered corners and a lacquered finish soften up its look.  All that’s missing? Your 5x7 photo and, perhaps, a cup of hot cocoa.
All that glitters isn't gold—but is all that sparkles silver? Of course it is. At least silver-colored, as far as our dazzle-your-socks-off Silver Sparkle Frame is concerned. Socks not included.
Think our silvery mosaic frame for a 5x7 photo is best kept at the office or on a desk? Think again. We love it in formal rooms but also as an accent piece near upholstered furnishings in animal prints, neutrals and bright colors.
Our lustrous golden frame for a 4x6 photo is made of stunning shells found in the province of Capiz in the Philippines. Tiled into a perfect herringbone pattern, the shells’ natural iridescence shines through beautifully.
Surround your chosen 4x6 photo with the natural beauty of handcrafted pine. Our frame’s simple, washed appearance adds subtle charm while letting your photo get all the attention.
Preserve a treasured moment with our elegant Lumiere Frame. Handcrafted with an inner mirror border and painted a luxe silver, it’s perfectly suited to showcase your special 4x6 photo.
Preserve a treasured moment with our elegant Lumiere Frame. Handcrafted with an inner mirror border and painted a luxe silver, it’s perfectly suited to showcase your special 5x7 photo.
Add some sparkle and shine to a desk or occasional table with our handcrafted frame embellished with golden mosaic tiles. Of course, as soon as they notice the stunning frame, they’ll notice the 5x7 photo within—the real star on display.
We started with shimmering capiz shells taken from the depths of the ocean. Then, we created a frame and arranged the shell pieces in a chevron pattern. The result: Delicate iridescent beauty with geometric flair. The next move is yours—complete the picture with your 5x7 picture.
Draw attention to your favorite 8x10 photo by placing it in this classic mother-of-pearl frame. The rows of shimmering oceanic tiles, made from the inner shell of mollusks and the outer coating of pearls in shades of ivory and sand, highlight the natural iridescence of the beauty within. Sounds like a match made in heaven—or under the sea.
Display a sweet memory with this 4x4 antique white wood frame. The rustic charm of pine that's been accented with a sculpted metal flower make it a feminine favorite that's destined to stand the test of time.
You don't have to live in a palace to work in a little shimmer and shine. This home-friendly frame scintillates silver and gold in mosaic glass, zhuzhing up a 5x7 photo the same way a brooch zhuzhes up an outfit.
All that glitters isn't gold—but is all that sparkles silver? Of course it is. At least as far as our dazzle-your-socks-off Sparkling Silver Frame is concerned. Holds a 5x7 photo. Socks not included.
Strong, resilient and naturally iridescent, nacre (a.k.a. mother of pearl) is derived from the inner shell of mollusks and the outer coating of pearls. We've taken this oceanic treasure and crafted a set of gorgeous frames designed to do justice to your favorite photographs, that shimmer with shades of ivory and sand.
Natural charm meets Mother Nature in our antler-inspired frame. Highlighted by a whitewash finish, it's a natural at displaying your favorite 5x7 photo.
Cherish a happy family memory in our handcrafted pine frame—perfect for your favorite 4x4 photo.
Just when you think you love someone as much as your heart can bear, your love grows. Our handcrafted pine frame is a charming way to display one of your beloved 4x4 photos.
If there is such a thing as a "trophy frame," this might be it. We see it taking up residence in a place of honor on a gallery wall or in a man cave, showcasing a favorite photo. Fittingly, it's handcrafted of wood with a rustic, antiqued finish.
Place your favorite photos in our lovely metal scroll hearts and display them proudly for all to see. Set of 3.
Top this cheerful holder with a photo or note that brings a smile. The wooden base is hand-painted and then given a distressed finish for a just-right effect. Add it to your home or office, or give it as a housewarming or hostess gift.
Bring back memories of a favorite time with a cherished photo or note atop our inspirational holder. The wooden base is hand-painted and then given a distressed finish for a just-right effect. Add it to your home or office, or give it as a housewarming or hostess gift.
What do all your favorite family memories have in common? Why, they would be perfectly at home in this frame, that’s what. Weathered white wood holds four backed photos and offers three open clothesline hangers to display smaller pics with depth and contrast.
The art of gridlock. Create your own art with this White Window Wall Frame. A wire grid with nine metal clips holds your favorite photos, postcards and notes.
Here is a family tree you can proudly display. This one is a photo holder and has been handcrafted with intricate leaf detail.
The art of gridlock. Create your own art with this black distressed wood open frame. Inside a wire grid with nine metal clips holds your favorite photos, postcards and notes.
Somewhere in every home lurks a box, drawer or album filled with unsorted photos. This clever handcrafted iron gadget holds up to 44 of them at once. Just insert photos and hang. Problem solved. Antiqued rust.
Talk about multitasking for the busy family. This wall frame is more than just another decorative piece. It does several things at once: It's a calendar with places to hang keys and display photos. If only it could cook and clean.
This vintage-looking pine frame with handcrafted scalloped edges is actually a memento board. The wire grid with a dozen clips lets you personalize it with notes, photos, souvenirs, artwork or grocery lists. It’s a charming way to display who’s in and who’s out.
Our vintage-look wooden frame with its hand-carved fleur-de-lis at top and bottom lends a bit of grandeur to its memento board functionality. Clip up notes, photos, souvenirs, artwork or even grocery lists.
Our vintage-style pine frame with handcrafted, scalloped edges is actually a memento board. The wire grid with a dozen clips lets you personalize it with notes, photos, souvenirs, artwork or grocery lists. It’s a charming way to display who’s in and who’s out.
Somewhere in every home lurks a box, drawer or album filled with unsorted photos. Our clever, hand-painted iron holder displays up to 40 of them at once. Just insert photos and hang. Works with greeting cards too—birthday and holiday.
Traditional charm abounds in our exclusive window shutter frame. Show off your creativity by clipping and arranging photos, recipes, postcards and notes. It’s perfect for your bedroom, the laundry room or kitchen.
Your photos say a lot already, but our Malinda frame lets them say even more. Chalkboard shapes. Iron clips to hold your photos. Space for captions. A fun, hand-painted trellis background. Need we say more?
Clip three of your favorite recent photos—of your children, pets or spouse—and celebrate the joy you share by being at home together. Crafted of pine with a distressed finish, it will brighten a kitchen or family room wall, and the clips make it easy to change photos out frequently.
Inspirational wall art helps us remember that the main things are the plain things. The planks and antiqued finish remind us that the big truths are timeless. Now, what were we talking about?
This piece speaks volumes, literally. It will remind you of all the things to be thankful for in your life. Or you could be a thoughtful person and give this as a gift.
You walk them, you feed them, you bathe them and you play with them. It’s pretty obvious that you’re in puppy love. Our hand-painted piece will help you keep track of their schedule. Or give you a place to jot down all the reasons that you love them.
What’s truly important? Remind yourself every day with our inspiring message. It’s crafted of antiqued wooden boards and perfectly suited for your entryway, bedroom or family room. What’s not to love?
Add a positive vibe to any living space with our inspirational sign. It’s hand-painted and bursting with classic charm—distressed edges, antiqued finish and a chalkboard appearance. Plus, it features the kind of encouraging reminders we all need every now and then.
Make a simple but special statement with our handsome, wooden plaque with antiqued cast iron lettering. So wherever you feature it—over your doorway, in a hall or on the mantel—rustic charm follows. Take our word for it.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, and our wooden, apple-themed wall decor keeps your kitchen farm-fresh and charming. Either way, apples are definitely a winner.
Nothing is sweeter than honey, except maybe our honey-themed wall decor. With a charming hand-made aesthetic, it’s sure to create a buzz wherever you hang it.
Where do you go when you’re ready to rest, relax and have a good time? To the lake, of course! Our lake-themed, wooden wall decor expertly conveys that sentiment with a perfectly distressed design featuring retro-inspired type.
Bring sophisticated style to your beach retreat with our hand-painted wooden sign featuring a clean, lettered design and naturally elegant vibe.
Lake days are filled with fishing, sunsets and lots of relaxation, and the rules are simple—there aren’t really any rules. Our charming wooden wall decor perfectly captures the laid-back vibe of your favorite lake spot.
Traveling, exploring or simply trying out a new recipe—our inspirational wall decor encourages you to seek out adventures—big or small. Crafted of fir wood with bold type over a colorful map background, it can hang in your study, family room or wherever thrills you the most.
In viticulture, the study of grapes, nothing is more important than ripeness. Fortunately, now’s the perfect time to harvest our beautiful wall decor. Painted on fir, it adds a classic touch to your kitchen or dining room and makes a great gift for your favorite wine enthusiast.
An artful reminder of the chore at hand, our hand-painted laundry sign will be right at home in your utility room. You’ll get loads of compliments.
Handcrafted so no two are exactly alike, our heart-shaped pieces will add warmth to your kitchen or entryway. The mango wood hearts, with a washed finish, communicate the sentiments we want our guests to feel when they visit: Welcome and this is our home sweet home.
Country market charm abounds from our classic sign. With iron letters and distressed fir painted antique white, it’s sure to give your homestead a vintage feel. You can bet the farm on it.
Fall in love with our handcrafted, ironwork floral wreath on a lightly distressed wooden background in shades of ivory and blue. It's lovely on walls or as an enchanting centerpiece on a mantel. What a beautiful way to add romance to your room.
Pay it forward by expressing your love and good wishes for friends and family. Let our handcrafted wooden wall decor hang prominently in a kitchen or family room to share your welcoming thoughts to all.
Every well-appointed beach house, lake house or mountain cabin—any house for that matter—should have our encouraging sign. Made of fir and finished with dimensional metal lettering, it captures the moment with its weathered, rustic charm. We couldn’t have said it better.
Make a simple but special statement with our handsome, wooden plaque with antiqued cast iron lettering. So wherever you feature it—over your doorway, in a hall or above the mantel—rustic charm follows. Take our word for it.
Step up to the bar. With our marquee, there’s no mistaking exactly where it is. LEDs surround corrugated wrought iron lettering set on a rustic wood background—all packaged in a nice black frame. Cheers!
Whether you’re a coastal resident or landlocked, you love the call of the ocean. Our painted pine beach sign will guide you and guests to your beach getaway—even if it’s disguised as your covered patio.
With a cute antiqued trowel mounted on pine and surrounded by a wooden frame, our handcrafted sign adds a quaint farmers' market look to your kitchen or mudroom. Why not create your own flower stand with a few baskets and faux floral stems?
We're not saying someone needs a reminder, but why not? A sweet sentiment hand-painted on pretty whitewash panels is charming when hung in a bedroom and adorable over a pet bed. Doesn't everyone deserve a good night smooch?
What a heartfelt gift this would be to hang in a new—or old—home. A vintage-style frame surrounds hand-painted words on a chalkboard-style background. Hang it where your heart leads you.
Put a positive spin on the old saying, “Don't go to bed angry.” A good night's sleep begins with a kiss, which assures that your sweetheart couldn't possibly be miffed with you by morning. After all, tomorrow is a brand new day—and night.
Our hand-painted wood sign reminds everyone what Mother has known all along: Family is the special place we create to feel safe and loved.
Your days are busy. At the end of the day or the week, it’s hard to slow down. Our handsome wooden sign gently reminds you how to enjoy a quiet moment. We’d add one more suggestion: Browse pier1.com for some upbeat inspiration.
We’re often reminded to count our blessings, and a happy home is certainly a source of joy. Our vintage-inspired, wooden sign is a sweet reminder of your bliss and will add warmth to your entryway, family room or study. Have friends that have just moved? It makes a great housewarming gift.
The first and second Earls of Malmesbury were instrumental in establishing this loyal breed, prized as obedient sporting and waterfowl hunting dogs. Our hand-painted black Labrador Lake piece will be a wonderful companion in any home office or study.
Our devoted little cocker spaniel brings you fresh-cut flowers from the English countryside. She’s proud of her hunting abilities and the beautiful and abundant flora found in her homeland. Hang this print with pride for years of loyal enjoyment.
Our proud English bulldog brings you fresh blooms from the English countryside. He’s sniffed out a sampling of the beautiful and abundant flora found in his homeland. Hang this print with pride for years of loyal enjoyment.
Between his active sports and hunting schedule, our playful Labrador is taking time to smell the posies. He’s sniffed out a sampling of the beautiful flowers found in his homeland. Hang this print with pride for years of loyal enjoyment.
Our proud little pug brings you fresh-cut flowers from the Chinese countryside. He’s taking time to smell the posies, and he’s sniffed out a sampling of the beautiful flowers found in his homeland. Hang this print with pride for years of loyal enjoyment.
Our proud little dachshund brings you fresh-cut flowers from the German countryside. He’s taking time to smell the posies, and he’s sniffed out a sampling of the beautiful flowers found in his homeland. Hang this print with pride for years of loyal enjoyment.
What’s truly important? Remind yourself every day with our inspiring message. It’s crafted of engineered wood and galvanized iron and is perfectly suited for your living room, family room or bedroom. What’s not to love?
Robert Indiana’s iconic “LOVE” design was created for a Museum of Modern Art Christmas card in 1964. Our wooden Home Wall Decor is a take on the same design and is sure to become a beloved heirloom in your home in the years to come.
Our cute kitchen sign mixes pretty patterns and textures that instantly add charming style to your cooking space. Great above a doorway and just as perfectly suited for that empty wall, it’s an ideal addition to your kitchen.
Whether you use your kitchen space to bake, cook or microwave, our rolling pin will add charm to it. Crafted of mango wood and beautifully hand-carved, it looks great over a doorway, sink or stove. However you roll.
These five words sure say a lot. Place our hand-painted piece anywhere that will, well, make you happy.
Rustically charming, our Pier 1 exclusive comes with an uplifting double meaning. Hang it somewhere you will see it daily. Or be the good in the world and give it to a friend.
Against a background evoking weathered, reclaimed wood, the silhouette of a magnificent elm has been hand-painted in white. At once nostalgic and ruggedly outdoorsy, this is a new focal point with a sweet message.
What makes you happy? Afternoon naps? Spending time with family? Reading a good book? Whatever it is, our exclusive inspirational piece, painted on planked fir, encourages you to do more of it. Consider it a friendly reminder.
For such a simple word, “home” is deeply tied to family gatherings, memories and fun. It doesn’t matter if you’re having a party or watching TV. So hang our wooden set in your living room or entryway and expect more of all of the above.
This says it all. But you need something more to make it feel like home—like the perfect place to hang it. With your style, you probably already have somewhere in mind.
These five words sure  say a lot. Surround our hand-painted decor with a family photo or two and you'll have a look that you will love, always and forever.
Bring your best intentions to the fore with our hand-painted wall decor that seeks the blessings of love and laughter. Perfect for your entryway, study or family room.
Hand-painted on weathered-look boards, this wall decor marks any home as one of a kind. And the one that you love.
This is the perfect reminder for everyone who enters your home. Weathered looks and classic script add to our wall decor's timeless appeal.
Family matters. Remind yours how important it is to you with our vintage-inspired wall decor. Crafted from wrought iron and wood in an antiqued teal finish, it’s a warm touch for an entryway, family room or study.
These are words to live by. Which is all the more reason to hang our little rustic reminder where it can be seen. Think entryway, kitchen nook or comfy gathering space.
Packed full of encouraging words, our metal wall decor makes the ultimate style statement. With a mix of modern fonts on a cool, metal backdrop, it’s inspiration you can always count on.
Family matters. Remind yours how important it is to you with our vintage-inspired wall decor. Crafted from wrought iron and wood in an antiqued black finish, it’s a warm touch for an entryway, family room or study.
Your home means a lot. Now, you can let family and friends know just how much. With a nostalgic, weathered feel and an irrepressible red background, our wall decor is perfect to make kitchen or dining areas pop. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Sometimes, all we need is a reminder of what's really important. As is fitting of a truth that is timeless, our wall decor implies that family flowers wherever the sign is hung—in an entryway, kitchen, dining room or living area.
Sometimes, we just need a little instruction to get the party started. Now, you can let family and friends in on what's in store. With a nostalgic, weathered feel and an irrepressible red background, our timeless wall decor is perfect to make kitchen or dining areas pop. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Your home has a lot going for it. Now, you can let family and friends know just how much. With a nostalgic, weathered feel and an irrepressible red background, our wall decor is perfect to make kitchen or dining areas pop. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Dinner parties with your friends. Family game nights. Afternoon naps. Our exclusive piece expresses the fundamental truth behind each of your cherished moments. Beautifully.
Happiness is a kitchen full of people, good food and great interior design. Our handcrafted wall decor takes care of the design part, with a perfectly distressed style, bold hue and charming, farm-inspired look.
Evoke the charm of farm living with our farmhouse wall decor. It boasts a distressed style and vintage design, ideal for bringing a fresh look to your country-inspired decor.
Do you need a whimsical reminder? Our sign is handcrafted of pine planks and ready to hang anywhere you might need some encouragement. We think it would be inspiring in your study or living room or as a warm welcome to friends in your entryway.
With its weathered pine planks and vintage-style message, our sign looks like it has stood the test of time. Place it in a family room, dining room or bedroom—anywhere its words will resonate.
Our weathered sign looks like it’s stood the test of time. Handcrafted of pine planks with hand-painted words, you’ll want to hang this anywhere your family gathers.
A handcrafted sentiment that your house is your home, our pine plank wall decor is ready to come home with you and just hang. Sweet.
Who could resist such a smile-inducing sentiment every day? Happy first cup of coffee. Happy you found your keys. Happy your car started. See? Your day's starting out better already! Hang it happily in your entryway or family room to produce positive vibes for all.
With just one word, our colorful wall hanging says a lot. Framed by pretty folkloric flowers, the word "fiesta" conveys so much more than a party—it's a celebration of family, friends and home. To be displayed in a kitchen, dining area or family room and serve as a reminder to live life to the fullest.
Elements from nature bring extra depth and dimension to your home, and our smaller-scale stag head fits right in among an eclectic wall display or above a man cave doorway. Handcrafted of painted iron and genuine twigs, it has an appropriately primitive presence.
Here's a great way to incorporate the deer element we're all seeing showcased in so many current design themes. Our stag head is a study in textural artistry, handcrafted of painted iron and genuine twigs for a less literal interpretation that's both modern and classic.
Elements from nature bring extra depth and dimension to your home, and our smaller-scale stag head fits right in among an eclectic wall display or above a man cave doorway. Handcrafted of painted iron and genuine twigs, it has an appropriately primitive presence.
It’s true, Texans are incredibly proud of their state. That might be why they put its distinctive shape on just about everything. We have something to add to that tradition. It’s just the right size to add to a stately grouping with its smart pine planks and hand-painted stencil. Perfect for creating that Texas state of mind in any room—even outside the Lone Star State.
Frequently seen on farms of yesteryear, the windmill stood tall above the fields of corn and beans. We've used this iconic symbol and developed a vintage-style piece of wall art for your family or living room. Crafted of iron, it's near life-size at 30" diameter. A Pier 1 exclusive.
It’s certainly rustic, but also state-of-the-art. Our iron whitewashed deer head spans over two feet across and adds a touch of rough-hewn majesty to any room in which it roams. Gorgeous with garlands in every season.
Whether home is on the range or in a sleek high-rise, this handcrafted aluminum skull is designed to make a real decorative impression. You can use it as a traditional accent with rustic décor, or opt to hang it in a contemporary setting to convey a savvy sense of style that shows you’re ahead of the herd. Available in Antiqued Gold and Antiqued Silver.
There’s something about the sea that calms the spirit. That makes our large wall cross extra-comforting, since it’s been handcrafted of naturally weathered wood that’s been molded by the sea and washed ashore. Cast your worries aside.
We have just the finishing touch for your rustic retreat, study or a wanting wall. While it has a substantial presence, its aluminum construction makes it easy to mount. This is a look that’s always in season.
Whether home is on the range or in a sleek high-rise, this handcrafted aluminum skull is designed to make a real decorative impression. You can use it as a traditional accent with rustic décor, or opt to hang it in a contemporary setting to convey a savvy sense of style that shows you’re ahead of the herd. Available in Antiqued Gold and Antiqued Silver.
Our rack of faux antlers, hand-rendered in aluminum and finished in a golden tone, makes a striking wall accent for your home or office. Since playing off the juxtaposition is half the fun, you could even hang them in a feminine room opposite a pink shade or a chandelier. Just saying.
Americana-inspired nostalgia gets a modern makeover with our antiqued wall decor. It’s crafted with a rustic pine frame and statement-making corrugated iron star. Stylish in its own right, or as part of a gallery-style wall.
As lovely as a walk in the woods, our winsome wreath features a deer surrounded by handcrafted iron foliage with a hand-painted antique white finish. What a lovely accent this would be for an entryway, living room or craft room.
Going stag has never been so chic. Of course, this may be a first—an iron silhouette of a buck atop painted fir planks. It’s classic cool and perfect for your den or over your mantel.
Whether it’s because they glide high above us or because we envy their limitless freedom, we assign birds a majestic bearing, and our antiqued ivory bird spreads its scrolled wings in grand stateliness. Hang it above your mantel, in an entryway or wherever you want to unmask your superhero dreams.
Bring nature indoors—without actually bringing nature indoors. Our large meandering wrought-iron branch comes ready to hang, complete with clear, sparkling jeweled buds and without the messy dropping leaves and creepy-crawlies you often get with Mother Nature's version.
Hammered iron rings sculpted in interlocking circles put a signature on a feature wall in your home or office that's clean, direct and effusive—bubbly, even. Clearly modern, it’s at home in traditional settings, too. Who can argue with bubbles, after all?
When it comes to cool wall decor, plates are having all the fun—and this glass wants in so it can share its celebratory message. The plates won’t be complaining—and neither will the guests.
If you come to this fork in the road (or kitchen), you've come far enough. Made of lightweight aluminum with a clear protective glaze, our super-shiny, super-sized fork is amazingly realistic and perfect for a kitchen or dining room wall. Or a really, really big table.
Slender, willowy iron stems sprout leaves in autumn shades of amber and brown. This elegant, nature-inspired wall sculpture measures 67" in length, yet weighs less than 2 lbs. for easy hanging in any direction. It's definitely growing on us.
This oversized pocket watch is either a very clever piece of functional wall art, or proof that gentlemen giants once roamed the earth. Either way, its antiqued face (with Kensington inscription), Roman numerals and classic spade hands combine perfectly with the metal case to create a vintage look. And vintage is very big right now.
Our oversized, weathered hardwood Grandiose clock has the look of a salvage yard treasure—a salvage yard surprisingly located at the fashionable address of 28 Rue Murillo. Labeled "Antiquite de Paris," with Deco numbers and slender spade hands, this is a clock you'll definitely want to watch.
This oversized pocket watch is either a very clever piece of functional wall art, or proof that gentlemen giants once roamed the earth. Either way, its antiqued face (with Cafe des Marguerites inscription), Roman numerals and classic spade hands combine perfectly with the metal case to create a vintage look. And vintage is very big right now.
With all the charm of times gone past, our pretty wall clock features a delicate design on a natural wood background. It’s the personification of sweetness and perhaps the loviest mix of form and function. A Pier 1 exclusive.
Sundials, while possessing an inherent gracefulness, aren’t the most convenient way to tell the time. We’ve combined the elegance of ancient timekeeping with an easy-to-read oversized clock in an industrial design. This Pier 1 exclusive is a distinguished yet practical accent for a living or family room.
A pattern of perfectly distressed panels creates the colorful, textured design of our exclusive wall clock. With thin, wrought iron numbers on a background inspired by the look of reclaimed beach wood, it has a modern design that naturally adds character to your space.
Hand-painted and boasting a bold, yet classic, design, our red wall clock really makes an impression. Big, white roman numerals stand out on a bright background, inspired by the rustic beauty of a barn door, with all the charm that goes along with it.
Made exclusively for Pier 1, our wall clock does more than tell time—it becomes a focal point for your living room, entryway or study wall. Substantial in size and framed on a background of wood planks, the wooden face features Roman numerals and hour/minute hands.
Are you a sojourner? Love to travel? Display your passion proudly with our wooden clock featuring a map of the world. It's substantial enough to be hung as art on a living room, office or family room wall. Have a friend who’s a map aficionado? You’ve just found the perfect gift.
Both time and style will be on your side with our handsome wall clock. The antiqued numerals are framed with rustic fir that highlights the uniqueness of the wood grain. Hang it alone, or surround it with framed photos and marquees for a unique gallery-style wall.
Now here is a statement with a statement. Our stunning wallclock has all the time in the world. Constructed of wrought iron and hand-painted, it will bring the world to your doorstep. You just have to let it in.
A timely reminder to live the life you’ve imagined. Our beautifully distressed wood clock looks like it was made from a ship of dreams. Ocean hues and rough-hewn wood with rope minute markers are looking for a place to dock. How about your place?
Our wall clock can also sit on a shelf or sill with its classic weathered good looks and a touch of the unexpected—shutters. Lending a breezy, coastal feeling to an otherwise traditional clock, this design is versatile enough to be perfectly at ease in traditional to nautical-chic settings.
Our oversized pocket watch is either a very clever piece of functional wall art, or proof that gentlemen giants once roamed the earth. Either way, its antiqued face (with Kensington inscription), Roman numerals and classic spade hands combine perfectly with the wrought iron case to create a vintage look. And vintage is very big right now.
Our oversized pocket watch is either a very clever piece of functional wall art, or proof that gentlemen giants once roamed the earth. Either way, its antiqued face (with Cafe des Marguerites inscription), Roman numerals and classic spade hands combine perfectly with the wrought iron case to create a vintage look. And vintage is very big right now.
Why not show off your fabulous taste around the clock? Hang this rustic, hand-painted wood and wrought iron timepiece, and let it keep pace just like you do—stylishly.
As if it was plucked from times gone by, our hand-painted wall clock is aged to perfection. Bold, metal numbers and sleek, black hands add a modern touch, making it easy to hang among any decor.
Why not show off your fabulous taste around the clock? Hang this rustic hand-painted wood and wrought iron timepiece, and let it keep pace just like you do—stylishly.
Both timepiece and statement piece, our handcrafted wall clock is a mix of function and fashion. Its octagonal shape and vintage appeal impart sophistication on any room you choose.
If you think it's time to add a touch of rustic charm to your decor, we have just what you're looking for. With the look of weathered planks and featuring a stately deer silhouette, our wall clock is perfect for your den, family room or office.
It’s time to gather so why not do it under our wooden plank clock in a rustic barn red. For added charm, the numbers are crafted of galvanized iron and will certainly catch the attention of anyone looking to spend a little time over coffee or after-school milk and cookies.
Our wall clock is a serious statement piece, starting with the antiqued glass and ending with the exposed clockwork that shows the real heart of the piece. Are you looking for a real showstopper for your entryway or living room? Your time has come.
Use our rustic farmhouse chalkboard to keep grocery lists, notes and messages top of mind, or put it in the office to brainstorm and keep track of pending projects. Handcrafted of wood and iron, this convenient addition will help everyone stay informed and on track.
Emails and texts are nice, but there’s nothing better than an old-fashioned, handwritten message. With our framed chalkboard, you can keep it personal with enough room for love notes, to-do lists and maybe a drawing or two. Use the chalkboard to bring out the romantic (or Picasso) in you.
Introduce the instant "antiquity" of our carved shelf into your home, with its assemblage of architectural motifs and wrought iron hooks. Its unique, weathered finish brings an earthy textural appeal to any entryway, den or mudroom.
Walk around your home right now and you’ll find at least two rooms that need one of these. That’s why we’ve made them: To get your coats, hats and umbrellas off the floor and add some style to your rooms with wrought iron, acrylic knobs and antiqued finishes. And now, you're off the hook.
Our row of clever cottages graces small spaces with both art and functionality. Hand-painted textures and unexpected additions, such as the old-fashioned keys repurposed as hooks, create a timeless ambience for your entryway, hallway or mudroom.
Text messaging could lose its appeal once the whole family takes note of our charming vintage-style chalkboard. Framed in antique white iron, it provides the means for listing things "to do," the daily menu and a place to write "I love you."
Our antler wall hook, hand-rendered in aluminum and finished in a golden tone, makes a striking (and handy) accent for a bedroom, office or entryway. Since playing off juxtaposition is half the fun, you could find yourself hooked on the look, and hang this piece in a feminine boudoir.
Our antler wall hook, hand-rendered in aluminum and finished in a silver tone, makes a striking (and handy) accent for a bedroom, office or entryway. Since playing off juxtaposition is half the fun, you could find yourself hooked on the look, and hang this piece in a feminine boudoir.
Give your entryway a breezy beach vibe with our antiqued wall hooks. They rest securely on individual wooden planks that are painted by hand in a complementary mix of aged hues. It's a serene way to make yourself at home.
There’s nothing we love more than stylish decor that also works hard. Our antiqued wall organizer, for instance. The whitewashed fir base is finished with a chalkboard, two baskets and three wrought iron hooks. Perfect for hanging coats, storing knickknacks and leaving a message for your loved ones before you head out the door.
There’s nothing we love more than stylish decor that also works hard. Our antiqued wall organizer, for instance. The whitewashed fir base is finished with a chalkboard, two baskets and three wrought iron hooks. Plus, a cup for your chalk! Perfect for hanging coats, storing knickknacks and leaving a message for your loved ones before you head out the door.
Handcrafted iron scrollwork creates a subtle heart design on our sweet wall planter. Fill it with a cascading vine or some beautiful blooms and let the little birdies bring charm to any room, indoors or out.
Show your favorite spaces some love with our pretty scroll wall hook. Constructed of iron and hand-painted and decorated with a lovely wooden bird, it's a sweet spot for your jackets, towels or hanging planters.
Does your wall decor measure up? Add a touch of rustic whimsy with our oversized fir ruler. Carved and painted by hand with a natural antiqued finish, it’s an instant conversation starter.
Notes, lists, schedules or even doodles, our large chalkboard can be hung anywhere and used for anything. Let the kids create ever-changing artwork, leave notes for family or add to your honey-do list, no matter where you put it, it’s an elegant way to keep everyone on the same page.
Leave a note, make a list, inscribe some daily inspiration—no matter how you choose to use it, our hand-carved chalkboard is a lovely and useful addition to any space in your home.
Pin lists, calendars, notes and photos to our lovely hand-carved bulletin board. Keep the family informed, or just create another space to display things that make you happy. Either way, it’s a must-have for your home sweet home.
Let’s have some farmhouse fun. Boasting a wrought iron pig atop antiqued wooden planks, our exclusive panel is full of country charm. And with the help of flower-shaped magnets, it provides a place to display your photos, mementos and grocery lists. You know, in case you’re craving bacon.
Let’s have some farmhouse fun. Boasting a wrought iron cow atop antiqued wooden planks, our exclusive panel is full of country charm. And with the help of flower-shaped magnets, it provides a place to display your photos, mementos and grocery lists. You know, in case you’re out of milk.
It's all aboard with our welcoming whale. Made from wood planks that look like they were salvaged from an old ship's deck, it has a weathered white finish and comes equipped with iron hooks that are ready to hang anything your crew might need.
You walk them, you feed them, you bathe them and you play with them. It’s pretty obvious that you’re in puppy love. This hand-painted piece gives you a place to hang your furry friends' essentials—leashes, pickup bags, grooming supplies and sweaters.
A whirling, swirling burst of flurries is here detailed in precisely placed glass mosaic tiles to entrance, enchant and enhance your favorite living areas. And all on a reflective field that accentuates every flourish. And what do we call such a multitude of swirls? Swell, that’s what.
When traditional damask meets fashionable glam, every style wins. Hang this panel in a classic room to add some modern sparkle. Or introduce a touch of antique charm when you display it in a more contemporary space. It’s like they say (and by “they,” we mean “we”): Styles come and go, but wall decor lasts forever.
Handcrafted in Indonesia where capiz shell is plentiful, our, dare we say, dazzling wall panel is a glittering floral mosaic of mirror tiles and shimmering mother of pearl. Gives the word wallflowers a whole new meaning.
Ornate hand-carved wood cutwork is overlaid with a mosaic of mirrored tile in this glittering realization of every wall's dreams. If your walls could talk, they'd thank you.
Turn up the glam factor in your home with this mirrored panel. It would be a fabulous piece of wall art or, displayed horizontally, an inventive substitute for a headboard.
Tranquil tones and intriguing, reflective swirls give our wall panel a unique sense of serenity. Hand-carved, hand-painted and featuring glass mosaics, it can be hung vertically or horizontally, making it ideal for a wide range of spaces.
Created exclusively for Pier 1, our hand-painted and hand-carved wall art explodes in glass-and-mirror mosaic blooms and adds another dimension to this mixed-media piece. Understated in pale and darker neutrals, it will accentuate the bolder colors in your decor.
Strong, resilient and naturally iridescent, nacre (aka mother of pearl) is derived from the inner shell of mollusks and the outer coating of pearls. We've taken this oceanic treasure and handcrafted it into wall decor framed by mango wood and wrought iron.
The simple thing about our mosaic wall panel is that it makes a stunning addition to most any living space, be it in an entryway, bedroom, living area or bath. The complexity lies in creating the exclusive floral design in silver and clear glass that’s hand-pieced by Indonesian artisans exclusively for Pier 1.
They say that fortune favors the bold, and we tend to agree. Just look at our modern wall panel. Handcrafted and hand-painted by Indonesian artisans, it boasts a bold chevron pattern of wooden zigs and mirrored zags. All of this and it doesn’t cost a fortune.
Damask isn’t just for textiles anymore. Rich in history, this traditional pattern offers sophistication pretty much anywhere it goes—including your wall. Indonesian artisans hand-carve an oversized damask design on our albasia wood wall panel and embellish it with mirrored tiles for a gorgeous, shimmering effect.
Our artisans have done the near impossible. They left no stone unturned to create this captivating piece that is quite literally set in stone. It’s a rare thing to own a physical example of an idiom.
In the sea or on your wall, some marine life can’t help but stand out. Especially when it’s meticulously handcrafted using tiny pieces of mirror. Plus, wooden planks in smoky shades of blue create a background reminiscent of the ocean. Altogether stunning.
In the sea or on your wall, some marine life can’t help but stand out. Especially when it’s meticulously handcrafted using tiny pieces of glass. Plus, wooden planks in smoky shades of blue create a background reminiscent of the ocean. Altogether stunning.
Wow. Breathtaking to behold, yes. But what's even more amazing about our gleaming Golden Swirls Wall Panel? Every inch is meticulously crafted by hand. Each strand, or wave or tentacle—however you see them—are all formed individually, one by one, with capiz and glass for your bedazzlement. That's how much we love you.
Luxuriate in our swirling glass mosaic panel, with its handcrafted attention to detail and deep, opalescent hues. No matter your style, this panel will  fascinate for years to come.
Hand-cut and individually laid capiz tiles are precisely placed to create our stunning mosaic wall panel, in tones ranging from turquoise to bronze to pearl. Fully 4 feet tall, this is perfect for an entryway or living area, helping set a tone of understated elegance throughout your home.
This fall, bring the best of the outdoors in. Faux florals and foliage create the charm of a sunflower field while welcoming a fresh new harvest of decor into your home.
Love takes flight. We’d like to think  our framed angel wings show how long love can last. Framed with rustic-looking fir, the winged ironwork heart has a beautiful blue-green patina that implies the passage of time. Our unique shadowbox is a Pier 1 exclusive.
Entwined rattan twigs wrapped around a metal grid show off how alluring Mother Nature can be. Handcrafted and hand-woven, this wall panel is a lovely way to bring the outdoors inside.
This is a forest you wouldn’t mind getting lost in. Indonesian artisans create our otherworldly woodland scene by combining dried water hyacinth, coconut and banana leaves for the trees and their ruby-hued leaves. Rich in details, it adds depth, dimension and a sense of serenity to your chosen wall.
Drawing inspiration from the ocean floor, our Sandy Beach Wall Panel is a natural beauty. Indonesian artists craft the mixed media piece of wood and water hyacinth that’s woven, layered and painted in washes of sand, aqua and blue. Hang it on a sizable wall, and it’s sure to make waves.
Hang our beautifully woven hydrangea wall panels to instantly add color and texture to your decor. Dyed seagrass forms the beautiful blue flowers and bright green leaves, creating a piece with drama and dimension, perfect for perking up any room.
Add some rugged appeal to your space with our Hammered Plates Wall Decor. It boasts a simple yet dynamic design that highlights the hammered iron and adds texture to your interior decor.
Smooth curves are framed by clean lines to create the dynamic design of our woven wall decor. Handcrafted ofrice straw and wrought iron, it accentuates your space with a unique mix of texture and shape.
We all have those corners that just need a certain something. When you want something interesting and different, why not add this? Our antiqued wall panel is handcrafted from wrought iron and poplar. Imagine the decorating possibilities with this versatile piece.
There's no need to get to the end of the rainbow to score this lucky find. Our handcrafted golden clover is striking in its elegant simplicity. Make it a gorgeous standalone piece to bring a bold focal point to a solid painted wall, or mix it up with other eclectic wall decor.
Create an unusual modern statement with circles and copper hues. Handcrafted of iron, our eye-catching sculpture adds depth and movement to any room with its interesting, Art Deco-style circular swirl pattern.
Break away from the expected with this versatile wall panel made of natural fiber woven over an iron frame. Hung horizontally or vertically, its abstract, intertwining lines instantly transform a bare wall into a point of interest. Or use as a unique window treatment to create intriguing patterns of shadow and light. The most decorative idea in panels since celebrity judges. It's definitely growing on us.
Wining and dining go hand in hand. So why not hang this barrel decor in your kitchen or dining room?  Accented by iron rivets and featuring French-inspired branding, it gives any wall a unique flavor—and proves that you’ve got great taste.
You don’t need to be a master sommelier to realize that our fun bar decor and your kitchen make the perfect pair. Boasting a painted fir barrelhead and accented by an iron hoop and rivets, our classic piece gives any space a fun, Old World feel. Cheers to that.
Using a mirror as wall art opens up a room, but our Leela does more than that. This handsomely quartered round mirror boasts a centered, scrolled embellishment. With a hardwood frame in a natural finish, it will add a refined touch to a bedroom, living room or study wall in your home.
Evoking the drama of an old-world cathedral, our arched wall décor brings elegance and drama to your interior décor. The handcrafted, one-of-a-kind design can be used indoors or out, and the subtle wood and metal tones give it the versatility to fit in anywhere.
Inspired by ancient design and created with ceremony in mind, our iron wall decor features seven gold-tone bells surrounded by a circular frame to create a bright, warming atmosphere indoors and out.
What if you could instantly make any room more majestic and beautiful? You can! Our mosaic wall panel makes it happen with its blue and green hues and a design that’s reminiscent of dramatic, cathedral-style windows. Whether you decide to bring a hallway to life or give your living room a lift, we’re sure you’ll find the perfect place for this beautiful piece.
Bring an artful intrigue to your home office with our exotic wall decor. Intricately carved with a distressed black finish, it’s a great way to promote your workspace to the next level.
Our carved wood decor, substantial but lightweight, is just what your wall needs to make a statement. Intricately designed with a flower and vine motif and shaded a muted teal, it will add color to your neutral furnishings yet not overpower your window coverings, pillows or rugs. A fine statement, indeed.
Our wall arch creates an illusion of space and light in a study or family room or on a covered patio. Made of jute rope on a hardwood frame, it’s designed to create a bright outlook—an optimistic illusion, which is the best kind, right?
When the last thing you want to do is detract from your furniture or bedding, consider the subtle appeal of our ivory wall panel. It creates a dramatic focal point without causing a stir.
This carved floral medallion quietly commands attention. The intricate detailing the antique whitewash finish give it a rustic yet elegant appeal that fits perfectly above a mantel or sofa.
If you were a fan of scrolling before it had anything to do with a mouse, then this carved wall hanging will reflect well on you. It’s hand-painted a calming teal shade that clicks with nearly any room.
Hanging an arched window is tricky stuff. Hanging our window-like antiqued white arch? Pretty simple. More of an architectural element than a simple wall hanging, its rustic wooden frame encases Spanish-style scrolled wrought iron worthy of a Mediterranean villa.
Would you put a wood platter on the wall? We know you’ll put this one on your wall. With its intricate design and contrasting, silver-toned trim, our carved, mango wood platter features a round design and natural appeal that perfectly complement your interior wall spaces.
Reminiscent of an Old World window, our handcrafted wall decor makes a regal impression on your interior design. The mix of textures and its impressive size make it a piece that will start conversations for years to come.
Hanging an arched window is tricky stuff. Hanging our window-like antiqued blue arch? Pretty simple. More of an architectural element than a simple wall hanging, its rustic wooden frame encases Spanish-style scrolled wrought iron worthy of a Mediterranean villa.
Trips to the coast tend to instill a sense of timelessness. The tide comes in, the tide goes out—just as it always has and always will. Although the sandcastles you build may not last forever, the spirit of the sea can with our coastal collage. It’s the perfect size for a powder room, entryway or bedroom.
Do you really need a season to show your thanks? All signs point to this one. Our rustic reminder makes a great gift, too—another way to express your gratitude.
Vibrant doesn’t even begin to describe our fancy florals. Bursting with blushing pinks, soft greens and eye-popping oranges, our handcrafted flowers are ready to bring your wall to life. Watering not required.
Want to lend a coastal cottage appeal to your walls? Our beach-inspired art will bring to mind sun, sand and surf.
Our cast iron school of fish add a splash of unique style to your wall. Swimming as one, they’re all working together to make your decor a little more coastal and a lot more fun.
Texting and emails will lose their appeal once your family sees your handwritten message on our vintage-style marquee. The LEDs will light up your notes, making them stand out among the hustle and bustle of everyday life.
Twisted driftwood twigs are handcrafted to create our star-shaped wall decor. It makes the perfect addition to a seaside-inspired space, but is a warm, welcoming addition to earth tones and neutrals as well.
Been beachcombing lately? Don’t worry, we’ve captured the charm of everyone’s favorite seaside activity in this collage. Treasure-like with a coppery finish, this trio of scallop shells adds a bit of glamour to your coastal decor.
Ahhh, the lovely outdoors—where flowers are born and live beautiful, bright lives. Our bold iron blossom has been brilliantly painted to celebrate everything we love about the colorful summer months. Keep it up for the season, or let it brighten your outdoor wall or fence all year long.
Looking for a novel piece of wall art to fill an empty nook or accent the guest bath? Consider our fish the catch of the day. Handcrafted of naturally weathered wood that’s been molded by the sea and washed ashore, it’s big on textural interest and perfect for a small space.
For a shore-inspired setting, simply add our driftwood leaf. Crafted by Filipino artisans, each piece provides a unique texture for your wall, mantel or bookshelf. Your favorite beachgoer would love it if you catch our drift.
Crafted of twisted grapevine by Filipino artisans, our floral-inspired piece has an entrancing design and layered look for depth. Its natural color effortlessly complements other decor, so you can display it in multiples or with a fun collection of other pieces. Yep, believe it or not, some wallflowers actually love groups.
Maybe you want to honor someone who’s served our country? Maybe you’re feeling nostalgic about a cruise vacation? Whatever your reason, our jute-trimmed wooden sign will be a great conversation starter in your family room, office or entryway.
Instantly transform your space with our arboreal masterpiece. Inspired by the tree-of-life motif, it symbolizes enduring strength with its handcrafted, speckled iron silhouette on solid fir boards. And it makes a fascinating focal point, too.
Turn your blank wall into a beautiful wall with our carved panel that boasts a lightly distressed border, subdued palette and four-sided fleur de lis motif for a touch of regality. An impressive piece that’s fit for a king. Or queen.
Against a background evoking weathered, reclaimed wood, a majestic pair of antlers has been hand-painted in white. At once nostalgic and ruggedly outdoorsy, this is art with 10 points of view for retreats, studies and dens.
Our classic wall panel doesn’t just fill an empty space. The mirrored back makes your room feel bigger, while the weathered wooden frame and patterned overlay add texture and interest. It’s begging for a second (or third) glance.
Since nature provides the best settings, it's no surprise that our wooden wall panel, with its climbing branches and matte finish, evokes a feeling of simple tranquility.
Hand-painted on pine, our depiction of oars against a planked wood fence will remind you of lazy days on a quiet lake. With just the right blend of muted blues and neutrals, it will add a peaceful touch to your living room, office or den.
There’s a natural elegance in the simplicity of our hand-painted buck on mural-look pine planks. This majestic deer, alone and alert, looks like he’s just stepped out of the cover of forest to dress up your bedroom, office or living room.
Is it a detailed depiction of the sun? Or is it a bloom at its peak? Whatever you see in our hand-carved, handcrafted wall panel, it’s sure to add a touch of beauty to a bedroom, living room or study wall in your home. Just think how pretty it would be standing in—or hanging, that is—as a headboard in your bedroom.
Our hand-carved wall art instantly dresses up empty wall space, adding pretty patterns and textures to your decor. With a versatile style, the perfect place for this piece is anywhere you can find room.
Beautifully handcrafted, our carved wall art is perfect for occupying the space above a sofa or long table, or get two and frame your favorite piece of furniture. With so many possibilities and a versatile design, it’s more than perfect for your empty wall space.
Whether you’re a city slicker or country dweller, you’ll enjoy a small slice of the rural life with our farmhouse wall decor. Painted on fir planks, its pastoral scene takes you far outside the city limits where there’s plenty of sunshine and fresh air.
Believe it or not, some bovines don’t need acres of pastureland to roam. Take our humble herd. Painted on fir planks, they only need wall space in your living room, office or bedroom to provide rustic charm. Until the cows come home.
Open your mind to a different way of decorating. Our intricately detailed depiction of Old World doors offers an intriguing focal point for your living room or study wall. And what’s behind the hand-carved and hand-painted mango wood doors? We’ll never tell.
Our wall mirror will open up your room, but it will do more than that. The hardwood frame has an antiqued finish that adds character, as does the quartered design. Besides reflecting your good looks, our mirror will be a conversation starter that also says something about your good taste.
Open your mind to a different way of decorating. Our intricately detailed depiction of Old World doors offers an intriguing focal point for your living room or study wall. And what’s behind the hand-carved and hand-painted mango wood doors? We’ll never tell.
Our hand-painted rendering of a vertical topiary, created on pine planks for rustic appeal, is just the right piece for a narrow space. Or pair with the coordinating painting, our Spheres Topiary Tree decor, to create an artful—and art-filled—wall in your home.
Our hand-painted rendering of a vertical topiary, created on pine planks for rustic appeal, is just the right piece for a narrow space. Or pair with the coordinating painting, our Spiral Topiary Tree decor, to create an artful—and art-filled—wall in your home.
The art of books? Books as art? Whichever way you view our hand-painted depiction of a shelf of well-read books, our pine painting will add a nuanced library attitude to your family room or office.
You can have the whole world on your wall. After all, our Setia wooden wall panel is inspired by the mandala, an ancient motif representing wholeness and the universe. From floral designs to fleur-de-lis embellishments, Indonesian artisans carve and paint each piece by hand. Fittingly, it delivers a global vibe.
From coast to coast, our rough-hewn silhouette of the U.S. is constructed of whitewashed pine. Make it the focal point of your Americana arrangements, or place it over a stone mantel for some real cabin chic.
A little bit of this and a little bit of that. From stripes to scrolls to suzani-inspired designs, our wooden wall panel produces an exotic patchwork of patterns—all hand-carved and hand-painted by Indonesian artisans. That’s a whole lot of reasons for you to love it.
Darma means “good deed” in Indonesian, and our handcrafted wall panel livens up any space with global flair. Hand-carved in the Bali area, it makes an attractive focal point for any room. Another idea? Use it as a headboard. Or give it to a friend. After all, one good deed deserves another.
With its eclectic, puzzle-like appearance, our unique wall panel makes a fascinating focal piece for your living room or bedroom. Everything fits just right—from the planks of hand-painted albasia wood to the brilliant sheets of copper. Sort of like how each piece in your home harmonizes together. See the connection?
Why wait for the cows to come home when they’re already here? Hand-painted on pine to give you that made-from-pallets look, she'll be the belle of your wall—without the splinters.
Here's your chance to make travel more than a dream. Our natural fir wall art features an encouraging message about expanding your horizons and a map of the world to help you plot your course. What are you waiting for? You're set to trek.
Our Blossom Path Wall Decor evokes the tranquility and beauty of nature and brings it right into your living space. Soft tones enhance the beautiful view, adding instant intrigue to your interior spaces.
Turn any space into a seaside retreat with our beautiful wall decor. Painted on wood, the image creates a window to the ocean, adding warmth and tranquility to any room.
Our classic wall panel doesn’t just fill an empty space. The mirrored back makes your room feel bigger, while the gray weathered wooden frame and patterned overlay add texture and interest. It’s begging for a second (or third) glance.
Longing for the sight of something more woodsy and rustic around your home? Hang our painted fir and sculpted metal panel in your den, dining room or bedroom, and suddenly the landscape changes in your favor. The 3-D effect and airy tree and fence motif bring a bit of the outdoors in. Beautifully.
Classic geometric design. Timeless antiqued finish. Perfect scale for living, bedroom and transition spaces. Surprising stand-off depth to bring drama to contrasting-color walls. That’s four ways our quatrefoil panel will love your home. See how that works?
Antiqued hardwood. Elegant iron hardware. Patina-like appearance. Our vintage-style door decor looks like it could be a portal to simpler times. Of course, since it doesn’t actually open, it might just be a great way to give your home some timeless charm.
Bring the beautiful hues of fall home with you. This paper print is applied to wooden planks, creating the feeling of a beautiful autumn day in the country.
Take a wall from blah to awe with an attention-grabbing lacquered panel. Hand-carved in India, this wooden panel twists and turns with a symmetrical maze of paisley patterns. That’s what we call organized chaos.
Longing for the sight of something more woodsy and rustic around your home? Hang this painted ivory fir and sculpted metal panel in the den, dining or bedroom, and suddenly the landscape changes in your favor. The 3-D effect and airy tree and fence motif bring a bit of the outside, indoors. Beautifully.
This dramatic wall panel finished in antique white is very heavy, very detailed and dare we say—very, very pretty. The intricate filigree design is hand-sketched then carved, painted and glazed by artisans. In other words, you've got 36" of gorgeous art to accent a bedroom, bath or hallway, so find a spot that does it justice. Exclusively Pier 1-of-a-kind.
Here’s a piece you can really fall in love with. Swirly hearts, mirrors and wood give our wall panel charming versatility. Put it above the sofa, framed by sconces, or let it brighten your dining space—either way, we know you'll be smitten with this addition.
Tall and elegant with a mix of materials, our handcrafted wall panel adds distinct design to any empty wall space. Use two to frame a doorway or line up several in a row to create dramatic hallway decor. Whether you hang one or a few, the sophisticated style adds instant elegance.
This famous map was originally presented around 1765 by cartographer Thomas Jeffreys, the leading map supplier of his day. Our beautifully framed reproduction is a full 5 feet wide and will make an impressive statement on your study, family or living room wall.
Not a family tree in the traditional sense, our rustic-style wall decor featuring a tree shaped of iron will become a piece you’ll treasure. Mounted on a background of natural fir planks, the tree is a reminder of how full your life is and that there’s history in your present life.
There’s no better way to personalize your space than to put your name on it—or, at least, your initial. So pick out a wooden letter or two that speaks to you. Ours are crafted of finely finished wood, the perfect complement to your style—whether hanging or sitting on a shelf.
Always wanted to see your name in lights? We can help. Our LED-equipped letters will add a celebratory twinkle to your wall. Hang one or two, or be bold and hang several. Your friends will love your display. Tell them you found it at Pier 1.
Always wanted to make your own marquee? We can help. Our LED-equipped hashtag will add twinkle to your wall. Hang it alone or combine it with letters. Your friends will love your display. #shoppedatpier1
Always wanted to see your name in lights? We can help. Our LED-equipped letters will add a celebratory twinkle to your wall. Hang one or two, or be bold and hang several. Your friends will love your display. Tell them you found it at Pier 1.
Industrial chic and romantic as ever, our Marquee Heart is a sweet gift for any wall, with fine-grained fir construction and a galvanized iron frame. For extra romance, we’ve lined the edges with tiny LEDs that glow with continuous, single-color light. We’re in love.
This way to great style. Our Marquee Arrow adds a touch of industrial chic whimsy to any wall. Crafted of galvanized iron and fir, it’s lined with tiny LEDs that glow with continuous, single-color light. Add clocks and framed photos to make it part of a gallery-style wall.
Are you in a Lone Star state of mind? Then stop right here. Our marquee silhouette of Texas is crafted of galvanized iron and fir, then lined with tiny LEDs that glow with continuous, single-color light. Add clocks and framed photos to make it part of a Lone Star gallery-style wall.
Our unique marquee is destined to be the star of your home decor. It’s crafted of galvanized iron and fir, then lined with tiny LEDs that glow with continuous, single-color light. Add clocks and framed photos to make it part of a bright, gallery-style wall.
Nautical and nice. Add the sparkle of the seas to a boathouse, covered patio or any room that yearns for the open seas. Our weathered iron marquee is a seaworthy statement ready to be your decorative anchor.
This little piggy points the way to the market. Our farmers' market marquee is hand-painted with a distressed finish and made from wood and iron for that old market feel. It lights up with LEDs so it will brighten the way to market for a long time.
Hang this where you roost. Our proud iron rooster, with hand-painted details on distressed wood, will add a homespun look to kitchens and entryways. Its LED marquee lights will brighten any corner of your cozy coop.
There’s no better way to personalize your space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a weathered wood letter—or two—that speaks to you. Ours are crafted of pine with an antiqued white finish.
Is a hashtag your new symbol of choice? Does it speak to you—or for you—in a way you want to display? Our weathered wood hashtag is crafted of pine with an antiqued white finish. #makeityours
Does the “at” sign speak to you—or for you—in a way you want to display? Our weathered wood "@" is crafted of pine with an antiqued white finish.
Maybe you want to celebrate your couple-dom with two letters, joined with an “&amp;.” Maybe it speaks to you—or for you—in another way you want to display. Our weathered wood symbol is crafted of pine with an antiqued white finish.
There’s no better way to personalize your space than to put your name on it—or at least your initial. So pick out a weathered wood letter—or two—that speaks to you. Ours are crafted of pine with an antiqued white finish.
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar? Who cares! Our ceramic cookie jar is so lovely it doesn’t even need to be filled to be irresistible.
What to store in our stackable canisters? Tea bags? Yes. Sweetener packets? For sure. Your favorite nuts? Definitely. You'll never run out of ideas for filling these hand-carved, glass canisters. When you unstack the three sections, they become instant serving bowls, so this set is not only pretty, but pretty convenient, too.
Let’s hammer out the details of these handcrafted canisters. Stainless-steel construction. Stylish Moscow Mule-style finish. Plenty of countertop storage for your flour, sugar and other kitchen staples. On-trend canister with a coppery sheen and hammered finish. Nailed it.
We’ve put a modern twist on basket weaving to bring you a canister of galvanized iron and glass. Always at your service, it’s perfect for your favorite kitchen staples.
With a whale of a story, our cookie jar is happy to tell its tale. Ceramic and displaying a big smile, Wallace is ready to watch over your precious baked goods. Now that’s something to spout off about.
Our Regency Canister is made of elegant hammered glass and aluminum. It’s sure to make a great addition to any kitchen while housing your favorite ingredients or snacks.
Marvin will do his best to watch over the cookies, but he’ll never tell who took the last one. Our colorful dolomite cookie jar is generously sized to hold your favorite snacks or cookies. Plus, it's a smart addition to your kitchen counter.
Molded from recycled glass, our clear canister isn’t just cute, it’s versatile, too. Display bowl fillers, store tea or use it to hold office supplies. The cork lid forms a tight seal with its flared mouth, so whatever you keep inside is secure.
Just because a canister holds everyday staples doesn't mean it has to look basic. Our exclusive red ceramic canisters are so good looking, you'll want to keep them on display. Each one features an inset embossed metal plate and wood top with plastic seal.
Trimmed in a decorative plume motif, our gleaming ironstone canister brings one of the season's favorite new looks to your kitchen. Subtle coloring makes it easy to mix with your decor, and its artful look can go classic or exotic. Let your imagination take flight.
Perhaps you only need one canister, instead of an entire set, for storing coffee or tea. Our Lonely Tree design is perfect for just that occasion. Crafted of glazed ceramic ironstone, then painted in a multitude of colors, this lovely tree is a welcome addition to any counter.
Hand-etched glass. Modern silhouette. Hand-painted golden lid and base. Whether holding sweet treats or cooking essentials, our canister features a look that would make Midas proud.
He's known as a world-class stockpiler, so who better than a cute squirrel to stand guard over your stash of cookies? Glossy ceramic in antique white gives your countertop a bit of seasonal style while keeping goodies (even acorns) fresh and easily accessible.
For fans of bangle bracelets, our coaster is made from shimmering beads and re-purposed bangles, for a one-of-a-kind look. Which might beg the question: Is your table properly accessorized?
This set of four oversized coasters, in shades of blue and green, positively radiates appeal. It's a textbook example of a contemporary twist on a practical everyday essential.
Made from a highly durable, stain-resistant synthetic resin, these lustrous stamped coasters are as elegant as they are effective. Use anywhere to protect delicate surfaces from drink glasses, small vases, candles or liquid table condiments. Then tuck them back into their sleek matching case for storage. They've had a busy day.
Rings are for fingers, not coffee tables. Enter our adorbs ceramic Floral Coasters, complete with their own scrolled metal stand. Four ceramic discs with an Art Nouveau design on top, protective particleboard lining beneath.
Baubles. Bangles. Bright shiny beads. If you're as attracted to glittering objects as a raccoon to a bedazzled dumpster, you'll want to get your paws on these. Four glistening hardback coasters, intricately handcrafted in India with colorful glass and plastic beads. Cotton backing protects furniture from scratches.
These bronze marble coasters never met a table they didn't like. In fact, they've taken a vow to serve and protect for years to come, and we take that kind of thing seriously.
They’ll call you a media mixologist. Our Hudson marble and sheesham wood coasters not only protect your home’s surfaces but also add a touch of graphic design in an unexpected place. Just add cocktails.
These slate coasters speak the language of libations. Whether you’re sipping hot coffee or ice-cold lemonade, they protect surfaces beautifully. Irregular edges lend a natural look, while the popular French expression etched on each adds even more charm. Translation? You can use them for any occasion.
Our mother-of-pearl coasters have been hand-carved and handcrafted for an exceptional finish. Place this set in a living room, dining room, family room or even an outdoor living space—anywhere you want to add a touch of luster.
Raise your glass. Then put it down on a coaster especially designed for stemmed glassware. Our coasters are handcrafted of various shades of sparkly beads so no two are exactly alike. Make a toast to health, happiness and shimmering uniqueness!
You may think our red coasters made of capiz shells are just too pretty to cover with a glass, but you’ll be proud to use these natural beauties. And when you see how much you enjoy having them, you’ll want to buy a set to give to someone special.
For mess-free sipping, Braden is the name of the game. These sleek coasters are crafted from 100%  rubberwood, a durable and low-maintenance material that will hold up to condensation from glasses. And with a sleek, whitewashed finish and handsome container, they’re the epitome of functional style.
Your home’s surfaces need protection from your favorite beverages. So why not choose something that adds a touch of sophistication? Enter our faux-leather embossed coaster set. Textural, practical, perfect.
Our hand-woven utensil caddy is a natural complement to any style of dinnerware or table decor. Its four compartments cleverly organize flatware and napkins for every event, from a backyard barbecue to an indoor soiree. So you’re left to more important things, like visiting with guests.
We bet you own a spoon rest. But you probably don’t have one this pretty or this special. Handcrafted of stainless steel with a handsome coppery finish, our spoon rest will make a lovely hostess gift for that special cook you know or a wonderful addition to your own kitchen.
Who's ready to help out the cook? Wide-eyed Chilly Billy will sit patiently and keep your counter clean. Or offer this sweet guy to a friend who likes to cook (or likes owls). Our handsome ceramic spoon rest has a clear-coat finish, so it’s dishwasher-safe. Who’s happy now?
Craft your kitchen style with the cool look of concrete. Clean and simple with a unique twist, our utensil crock is equal parts style and function.
Forget fooling with a handful of forks. Our handcrafted utensil caddy has a lovely scroll design and helpful handle to make your get-togethers twice as easy and a million times more stylish.
Our silver-toned owl spoon rest makes meal time a hoot. This wise, big-eyed forest friend is an expert at keeping your counter clean and adding whimsy to your kitchen decor.
Keep your favorite gadgets and utensils close at hand with our Country Kitchen Crock. Patterned after 19th century Americana pottery, it's actually sculpted from creamy white dolomite and highlighted by traditional cobalt lettering. The inspiration may be farmhouse chic, but this utensil holder blends easily in a range of kitchens, from classic to retro.
Every kitchen needs a picture-perfect detail. This spoon rest might just be it. It protects countertops from messy drips and adds a fun note to any setting. You could say it's the very image of practicality.
We’ve put a modern twist on basket weaving to bring you a caddy of galvanized iron and mango wood. Always at your service, it’s perfect for utensils and napkins.
Strong, sturdy and a pillar of kitchen society, our Marble Paper Towel Holder is strikingly handsome, functional and an asset to any well-equipped kitchen.
Healthy eating is in full swing. With an iron frame and hand-woven seagrass basket, our Fruitasan offers a pretty perch for your fruits.
Ideal for displaying our Moscow Mule Mugs, our Cypress Grove tree is a shining example of raising the bar for at-home entertaining. Crafted of copper-colored stainless steel, it’s perfect for a pretty presentation on your bar or kitchen counter.
Our exclusive Collin caddy, with three baskets hand-woven of synthetic rattan, is a durable and moisture-resistant storage solution for any room in your house, as well as outdoors. The trio of baskets whip your clutter into shape and help keep chaos at bay while giving you a little peace of mind.
Cottage chic or industrial style? This four-piece set is so versatile, we think it’s both. In the kitchen, use it to hold the usual utensils, straws, napkins or chopsticks. In your office, it’s a desk organizer, holding pens, paper clips and rubber bands.
Is there anything more enticing than the aroma of fresh brewed coffee? With our metal sculpture, we’ve combined the artistic with the practical. Nice enough to stand on its own or a handy place for granola bars. Either way, it’s a good start to the day.
This vintage-inspired utensil caddy is ready to to help serve a backyard barbecue or picnic in country-chic style. Add forks, knives and spoons—or plasticware, napkins and straws—to each of the galvanized buckets for a down-home spin on your next dinner party.
Napa Valley has long stood for high craftsmanship and honest value. This new utensil caddy combines that handsome, handcrafted esthetic with sturdy design. With three sheesham wood boxes for knives, forks and spoons, and a cast iron carrier, this handcrafted caddy is perfect for impromptu service on the patio in summer or by the fireplace in winter.
Shouldn’t being neat be really neat? Our Corbin basket seems to think so. Its adorable chalkboard sides let you label craft supplies or write your kids a reminder to pick up their toys. And moving it? Super-easy, since it’s made of lightweight wood with cutout handles.
And just like that, you can have an easier, more organized buffet presentation. Three flatware holders nest on a black wooden tray, letting guests help themselves to what they need. You? You're free to enjoy your own party.
Fruit looks so inviting in this artfully crafted bowl, you may find yourself eating more of the healthy stuff. Soon, 2 to 4 servings a day will be a piece of cake. Mmm, cake.
Our weather vane utensil caddy is ready to add direction to your next indoor or outdoor soiree. Add forks, knives and spoons—or plasticware, napkins and straws—to the galvanized iron buckets to put a breezy spin on your next gathering.
Craft your kitchen style with the cool look of concrete. Clean and simple with a unique twist, our utensil caddy is equal parts style and function.
It’s been said that the best remedies can be found in nature. That adage is certainly true in this case. Crafted of mango wood and accented with bark that otherwise would be  unused, our Dakota caddy is the perfect solution for holding utensils at your next outdoor gathering—or even as an organizer in your home office.
If you lean in the direction of rustic style, let us point you to our forged iron paper towel holder. It’s practical—its weight helps you tear off just one sheet instead of half the roll. Yet it’s also whimsical—the farm-inspired design is a breath of fresh air in any kitchen.
Nothing exudes classic nostalgia like our finely crafted Glass Butter Dish. Featuring embossed detailing reminiscent of the designs found on dining tables during the mid-century modern phase, our butter dish is clear. It's also clearly practical since it's dishwasher-safe.
Release the full flavors of fresh herbs and spices using the method preferred by classically trained chefs—crushing them with a traditional mortar and pestle. Our Hudson set is patterned after those found in French kitchens, with a sheesham wood pestle and a heavy, deep-sided bowl made of natural white marble with subtle veining unique to each. An indispensable addition to your countertop, this can also be an impressive gift for the home gourmet.
Handcrafted of iron, this elegant scrollwork easel is an impressive way to display a decorative plate or bowl, or for showcasing framed photos and artwork.
We bet you own a measuring cup set; maybe you own two. But you probably don’t have a set this pretty or this special. Handcrafted of stainless steel with a handsome coppery finish, our set will make a lovely hostess gift for that special cook you know or a wonderful addition to your own kitchen.
Who's ready to help out the cook? Our Chilly Billy measuring spoon set adds a sense of wide-eyed wonder when you're putting together your favorite recipes. And when you're looking for the perfect hostess gift, offer this sweet set to a friend who likes to cook (or likes owls). Our handsome dolomite, 4-piece set has a clear-coat finish. Who’s happy now?
Who better to help you measure your ingredients than our adorable peacock? With a colorful, feathery design, this guy is the perfect kitchen helper.
Measure with our cute, colorful peacock feathers and make cooking and baking that much more fun. Our set of four measuring spoons is sure to delight.
Four little frogs, sitting on a log, ready to help you get your cooking done. Our Froggy Freddy measuring spoons are the perfect way to add a little fun to the kitchen.
Make measuring magnificent with our pretty, hand-carved, stainless steel measuring cups. Long handles and a classic design make these a beautiful addition to your kitchen.
Cute tools are the true measure of baking success. Our colorful, floral measuring spoons are just as good at measuring your ingredients as they are at keeping your kitchen decor delightful.
Our Marvin measuring cups are a wise choice. Crafted of colorful dolomite, the 4-piece set accurately measures ingredients and looks so cute while doing it. Know what else is smart? Buying a set for your friend who’s a good cook—and an owl fan.
Our Marvin measuring spoons are a wise choice. Crafted of colorful dolomite, the 4-piece set accurately measures ingredients and looks so cute while doing it. Know what else is smart? Buying a set for your friend who’s a good cook—and an owl fan.
Sometimes help comes from unusual places—like the cute insect friends found on our measuring cups. Each of the four dolomite cups features a friendly, 3-D ceramic bug on the outside and inside. Get a set for yourself and buy one for that triple-threat friend who loves gardening, cooking and ladybugs (or butterflies, honeybees and dragonflies).
Sometimes help comes from unusual places—like the cute insect friends found on our measuring spoons. Each of the four dolomite spoons features a friendly, 3-D ceramic bug. Get a set for yourself and buy one for that triple-threat friend who loves gardening, cooking and ladybugs (or butterflies, honeybees and dragonflies).
Most measuring spoons mete out the correct amounts, but these create the impression of always having done so. Perhaps it’s their fleur-de-lis handles. Perhaps it’s their antiqued color-coded finishes or nicely balanced weight. It all adds up to confidence in the kitchen, and we’re all for it.
It’s amazing how inspiring cooking can be when you have the right tools—like these measuring spoons. We like to say they’re French country with a pinch of modern. Hmm, do we sense a new kind of fusion cuisine?
It’s amazing how inspiring cooking can be when you have the right tools—like these measuring cups. We like to say they’re French country with a scoop of modern. Hmm, do we sense a new kind of fusion cuisine?
How ingenious—a wine rack that can grow with your collection. Our curved iron rack, with a golden finish, is designed to stack. It holds four bottles of wine; as your taste broadens, add another rack to store some new faves. Got a friend who’s a budding wine connoisseur? Our rack is a wonderful gift idea.
For the true wine lover, our wine rack offers a rich, shimmering backdrop for your bottles. Holding three bottles, it's ideal for serving your guests at your next get-together, but it also features an elegant simplicity that will easily earn it a permanent spot on your counter.
Hunting for a stunning way to showcase your favorite bottles of wine? Handcrafted of natural stone and resin, our majestic antler-inspired bottle holder makes quite the trophy for your home bar. And a great housewarming gift, too.
When we introduced rustic to elegant, we just knew they’d get along great. Our handcrafted Napa Wine Rack brings to mind the best characteristic of wine country—simple sophistication—and it also gets along beautifully with our Napa and Mexicali collections.
Set spirits soaring at your next soiree by displaying your favorite vino in our handcrafted Airplane Wine Bottle Holder. Simple and sleek with a metal construction, it’s stylish, fun and a first-class pick for impressing your guests.
How ingenious—a wine rack that can grow with your collection. Our curved iron rack, painted antique gold, is designed to stack. It holds three bottles of vino; as your taste broadens, add another rack to store some new faves. Got a friend who’s a budding wine connoisseur? Our rack is a wonderful gift idea.
Evoking the American West, our wine rack holds six bottles in bridle-style, faux-leather slings. The iron frame has a powder-coat finish to further the western motif. Sized to fit on a counter or buffet table, the rack looks just as comfortable on the floor.
It’s not a puzzle—it’s a wine rack. The only riddle that needs answering is: Which bottle do I open first? Our handcrafted mango wood wine rack is reinforced with brackets at each corner. Sized to fit on a counter or buffet table, it will rest easy on the floor. Now, back to that riddle: Red or white?
Our iron wine rack stores up to six bottles, all in one sleek and space-saving design. As a housewarming gift? It'll make you the toast of the town.
For the casual wine drinker, we made this wine rack to hold four bottles. For the connoisseurs of fine wine, we made it stackable, so you can create your own wine cellar in your kid’s bedroom after they move out. Woooo, redecorating is fun!
For the casual wine drinker, we made this wine rack to hold four bottles. For the connoisseurs of fine wine, we made it stackable, so you can create your own sleek wine cellar in your kid’s bedroom after they move out. Woooo, redecorating is fun!
Go from patio to patio party with our nautical-themed food cover. Whatever it’s protecting—corn on the cob, pasta salad or hot cross buns—this wire mesh food cover is sure to bring smiles.
Crafted in the style of hand-thrown Italian stoneware, our Carmelo Collection is deceptively lightweight. In fact, it’s made from melamine, so it’s easy to handle and care for. It’s sure to anchor outdoor parties, as well as indoor fetes and everyday meals. Here, a pretty striped tray for serving drinks, organizing a tabletop or stacking mail.
Designed to complement our Capella Island Collection of outdoor furniture, this tray serves up the perfect helping of coastal character. Constructed with a metal frame covered in hand-woven, synthetic  wicker, it brings the seaside to your backyard.
Designed specifically to complement our Capella Island Collection of outdoor furniture, this two-part umbrella tray serves up the perfect helping of coastal character. Constructed with metal frame and covered in all-weather wicker, each is handcrafted and hand-woven to bring the seaside to your backyard.
The perfect complement—or introduction—to our Echo Beach Collection, these serving trays allow you to improvise by serving on ottomans, side tables, even laps. Handcrafted of synthetic rattan over a metal frame, the modern design works beautifully with many outdoor styles. Like yours, for instance.
Ideal for coordinating with our Sunset Pier Collection of outdoor furniture, this serving tray makes partying on the patio so much simpler. Hand-woven of synthetic wicker atop a weather-resistant iron frame, you can use it as a steady surface for serving beverages inside or poolside.
We could not be prouder of the impeccable craftsmanship displayed in this grand tray. Handcrafted of bamboo with a lacquered capiz overlay, this iridescent beauty can be used in a variety of ways. Create a shimmering display or centerpiece, or serve guests in style at your next soiree.
Serve in style. Handcrafted of galvanized iron with a copper-colored accent, our Fritz tray is perfect for serving beverages and snacks. Rust-resistant, it’s a handsome piece of serveware that’s meant to last. Exclusively Pier 1 Imports.
Why a bamboo tray? Aside from its ability to help serve breakfast in bed, drinks by the pool or snacks in front of the TV, our lightweight tray is stronger than some made from other woods. All that, and the price is a winner, too.
Brace yourself—handsome just entered the room. Crafted of mango wood, our Pier 1 exclusive’s appeal doesn’t go unnoticed.  It’s tone-on-tone chevron design calls attention to any ottoman, coffee table or console. Handsome. Versatile. Sold.
The day isn’t the only thing that needs seizing. Think beverages, plates, remote controls—basically anything and everything that you can seize, can be seized and carried in our nautical-themed serving tray.
Our whitewashed Braden Tray offers service with style. Crafted of hardwoods and highlighted by stainless steel accents, this tray is perfect for cocktails, breakfast in bed—even for use as a desktop organizer.
Here to there with style to spare. Our handcrafted Jolene Tray features a rustic chicken-wire basket that’s powder-coated to resist cracking and chipping, plus a bamboo rim and mango wood handles for easy transport. Use it to carry cupcakes, linens or any other entertaining must-haves.
Rajasthan, India. Renowned for its intense, lively colors and home to our hand-painted Janta Tray. It's perfect for serving drinks, collecting mail or other colorful activities.
You may think our Mosaic Tray is too pretty to be used, but it loves to work. Handcrafted of glass and steel, it will serve drinks, collect mail or just sit there  and wait for compliments. Of course, the real admiration will be directed toward you and your good taste.
Coral isn’t found just in shallow waters. Where else will you see it? Smack dab in the middle of our handcrafted, six-sided tray. Whether you’re serving drinks at a pool party or displaying beach treasures on your coffee table, this bright red coral design pops atop antique white mango wood planks.
Rajasthan, India. Renowned for its intense, lively colors and home to our hand-painted Janta Tray. It's perfect for serving drinks, collecting mail or other colorful activities.
Sunflowers make us smile. And our beautifully hand-carved, our tray, blooming with a bold sunflower will bring smiles to your home. It can serve drinks and appetizers, collect mail or provide a flat surface on your soft ottoman. See? Sunflowers just have a way of making us happy.
When it comes to serving another round, our Round Rattan Tray is a hand-woven handy helper. Flaunting iron handles for easy gripping, it boasts a deep lip to easily carry snacks and drinks from room to room.
Engineered from hardwood and handcrafted with an iridescent pearl white capiz overlay, this tray was made to do more than just serve your guests drinks. Multifaceted and beautiful, this tray was made to change the conversation.
Serving drinks, holding books and organizing craft supplies—what can’t Dakota do? With a rich mango wood construction and cutout handles, this versatile tray attracts attention whether on your coffee table or console.
Named for the Alaskan wilderness reserve that was proclaimed a national monument in 1925, our Glacier Bay Mosaic Tray is monumental in its artistry. Individual glass tiles are hand-painted and laid in a swirling mosaic pattern, all framed by antiqued mango wood. A Pier 1-of-a-kind—naturally.
Hosting a wine and cheese party? Here’s an ingenious way to serve up your favorite reds and whites. Our mango wood Wine Barrel Tray boasts classic details—an iron hoop, handles and rivets. And when you aren’t entertaining, it’s handsome enough to display on your coffee table, buffet or kitchen island. Cheers to that!
We’ve given the centuries-old quatrefoil a modern makeover. Hand-carved with whitewash detailing, our shaped mango wood tray makes a sophisticated statement—whether serving drinks or adding organization to your coffee table. An enduringly practical piece.
Not every work of art needs to hang on a wall. Take this tray, for instance. Wrought iron leaves are forged together to create a texturized piece that gives your tabletop or ottoman a gallery-worthy appearance. See? No walls needed.
Edged with a geometric golden frame, our Pier 1-of-a-kind tray serves up some modern style. It also provides a polished way to display those whatnots that always seem to accumulate on your dresser.
Just imagine how easy it would be for you to grab our charming tray, by its parenthetical handles, and serve up tasty ice-cold lemonade (or sweet tea) on a hot summer day. You can almost taste it.
Our handcrafted tray brings fresh appeal to the ancient art of mosaic with its mixture of colorful and sparkling tiles. Substantial, it can serve drinks, stack books or organize a tabletop. But, with its bright and cheery disposition, our tray can also stand alone and add an elegant bearing to a shelf or an occasional table.
You’ll be eager to host a coffee klatch, tea party or happy hour when you can serve your guests with our lovely embossed wood tray. Handcrafted and hand-painted so no two are exactly alike, your guests will be impressed—even before they taste your delicious beverage.
Simply brilliant. Dazzling with a mirror-like shine, our Regalia Tray will become your go-to tool for serving drinks, stacking books or organizing a dresser top. Surprisingly lightweight, it could easily serve breakfast in bed—or, even better, be used by someone special to serve you breakfast in bed. Now that’s brilliant.
Man's best friend just became man's best host. Our pub-themed tray can serve up drinks, collect empty plates or catch mail on your entryway table. It's a great gift for anyone who loves canines—and likes to party. We're pretty sure this tray will be considered best in show.
The texture is faux croc, but the look of our handcrafted pink serving tray is genuine luxe. Use it to show off your favorite decanter and glasses—or to help serve guests at your next holiday soiree. And if you really want to impress, give one as a gift.
Our Courtland tray comes to you with a great deal of purpose. Made from 100% mango wood, it features handcrafted embossed detailing at the center and all along the inner edge. It was made to give your soft ottoman a nice, flat surface. See? Purpose.
The question is simple: Coffee or tea? Nothing brings people together quite like a warm cup of your favorite brew. Whether you’re serving up breakfast in bed or brewing something delicious for an afternoon chat session, our ceramic tray is simply perfect for any occasion.
Serve up your snacks and treats in simple, unique style with our handcrafted tray. Woven from banana plant and seagrass into a cool, circular design, our tray is just what you need to be the hostess with the mostest.
The embossed detailing of this hand-painted design is done by artisans and creates a unique and fun backdrop to snacks, drinks or a delightful meal. When you serve it up on this handcrafted tray, you’re adding a generous side of colorful charm.
This gorgeous wooden slat tray is versatile enough to be hung on the wall as a shelf or filled with fruit, plants or knickknacks as a table centerpiece. You can even let it stand on its own—the mango wood grain includes a range of tones and colors that only get more beautiful with age.
Designed and handcrafted just for cocktail ottomans and large coffee tables, our hardwood tray gives you a generous space for displaying art books and collections, or for serving drinks and snacks for everyone. But it can just as easily be used by someone special to serve you breakfast in bed. Not that you'd ever drop hints or anything.
Our Braden Tray offers service with style. Crafted of mahogany-stained hardwoods and highlighted by shiny metal accents, this tray is perfect for cocktails, breakfast in bed—even for use as a desktop organizer.
Sheesam, otherwise known as Indian rosewood, is the timber used by artisans to create this handcrafted tray. Each piece was chosen for its gorgeous wood grain, and no two are alike. Set it on an ottoman or coffee table to display books, magazines and more, or keep it handy in the kitchen so it's ready to serve guests in fine style.
A design so pretty and classic, it might make people stop asking for everything on a silver platter and suddenly, instead, start requesting everything on an Antiqued Carved White Tray.
We all love a good party. So display your GOP pride with our patriotic wooden tray featuring a red, white and blue elephant spouting stars on a white background.
We all love a good party. So display your Democratic Party pride with our patriotic wooden tray featuring a red, white and blue donkey bordered by red stars on a white background.
You’ll be surprised how big an impact a single accent can make. Take our fetching tray, for instance. Carved with floral-inspired designs, it artfully enhances what would otherwise be a simple wooden tray. Use it to add a focal point to a coffee table, sideboard or kitchen display (pretty much wherever you want to make an impact).
We’ve found the piece your home is missing. Multiple pieces, really. We commissioned our Mosaic Tray—a Pier 1 exclusive—from glass artisans in India. Using generations-old techniques, they place each piece by hand so every tray is truly one of a kind. Add this unique tray and you’ll see how it makes a room feel complete.
With age comes wisdom. However, some are wise enough to realize they don’t have to wait decades for knowledge. For example, our newest classic aluminum tray has the appearance of an heirloom, thanks to an antiqued bronze finish. You certainly won’t have to wait around for the compliments.
Copper has been hailed for millennia as a material of choice for jewelry, vases and other valuables. We’ve combined that enduring appeal with a modern shape in our tray, crafted from stainless steel in a copper-colored finish.
Make a smart move and add our handcrafted Owl Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers to your dining table. Aluminum-plated in gold and rose gold finishes, these wise birds are a Pier 1 exclusive.
A touch of elegance: Our handblown glass salt &amp; pepper shakers, finished with hand-painted golden trim, will strike an understated yet gracious pose on your dining table.
Trimmed in a decorative plume motif, our gleaming ironstone salt &amp; pepper shakers bring one of the season's favorite looks to your table setting. Let your imagination take flight.
Our handcrafted glass Acorn Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers will add a pretty touch to your fall table setting.
Our white stoneware Squirrel and Pinecone Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers will bring smiles to your fall table setting. Happy seasoning.
Season meals to taste with the help of these glazed dolomite, vintage-inspired salt &amp; pepper shakers.
Be expertly prepared when the recipe calls for a pinch of salt and pepper with our marble salt &amp; pepper set. Lids lift for easy pinch-ability, and the marble design makes for a beautiful display on your kitchen counter. The perfect gift for the crafty cook in your life!
Make your next meal more fun with our colorful peacock salt &amp; pepper shakers. They’ll strut their stuff on your dining table and expertly add last-minute seasonings to your favorite dishes.  Like any good peacock, they’re more than ready to show off.
Froggies are the perfect pick for doling out salt and pepper at your next dinner party. Cute and colorful, these little guys are full of style and instantly add charm to any tablescape.
Put the finishing touch on your lovely tablescape with our hand-painted salt &amp; pepper shakers. Whether it’s dinner as usual or you’re entertaining your nearest and dearest, these pretty, floral shakers instantly make mealtime more special.
Whether you use our adorable elephant salt &amp; pepper shakers to decorate your kitchen or season your favorite dishes, they’re the perfect pick for dressing up your dining style.
With a nod to mid-century design, our Hourglass Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers make a fun focal point for your table. Your family and friends will love taking time to season their meal, and the simple design blends flawlessly with any dinner table decor.
Our little lovebird salt &amp; pepper shakers look lovely on the dinner table, nestled among your scrumptious side dishes. They’re also absolutely perfect perched on your counter and instantly add charm to your kitchen decor.
Bring a little whimsy to your breakfast table with our adorable, hand-painted toaster salt and pepper set. Very vintage in design and very fun in function, it’s an instant hit for breakfast and beyond.
These silver-toned salt and pepper shakers are all you need to bring the fun of the forest to your dinner table. Perfectly blending sophistication and fun, they’re quite a hoot.
Perfect for keeping your favorite artisan salt within reach, our salt cellar brings vintage style to the table.
Like the popular Mason canning jar they’re modeled after, our salt &amp; pepper shakers are as cool as they are useful. Combining the convenience of clear glass, a comfortable shape and a handy chalkboard inset, these nifty shakers are will season your table just right.
Keep salt fresh, cool and moisture-free in our classic Hudson lidded salt box. Perfect for artisanal or sea salts, its wide mouth allows for quick access and easy measuring. Patterned after salt boxes used by French cooks, it's made of natural white marble with subtle veining unique to each.
Greek artisans handcraft each salt box from olive wood, a favorite of ancient Mediterranean peoples. But it’s not just rich in history. It’s richly grained with a natural finish—perfectly suited to store your salt for cooking or seasoning.
Who’s your favorite shaker? We have two—and they’re both named Marvin. Our colorful dolomite salt &amp; pepper shakers will look smart on your kitchen counter or dining room table. Know what else is smart? Buying a set for your friend who’s an owl fan.
When the Duke of Wellington commissioned his shoemaker to make him the best rain boots possible, he probably had no idea that these iconic wellies would inspire all sorts of designs. Our whimsical salt and pepper shakers are cute as can be sitting on your kitchen table—rain or shine.
A delicate porcelain teapot. Four matching teacups. And a special stand from which to pour, then store. Once this authentic Chinese set is yours, you won't trade it for all the you-know-what in you-know-where.
Let's talk about the elephant in the room, shall we?  Make your tea parties unforgettable with our adorbs Elephant Teapot. Crafted from dishwasher-safe, chip-resistant, microwaveable stoneware, it's perfect for daily use. Discuss.
Care for a cup of tea? Our pretty stoneware teapot boasts a lattice design with a rich garden-green glaze. Topped off with a bamboo handle, this little teapot puts a modern yet traditional spin on tea service.
Sweet, 3-D birds perch prettily among branches and flowers on our beautifully hand-painted, porcelain teapot. Gracefully designed, it comes in a pretty gift box so it makes a lovely presentation when you give to a special friend who’s a tea aficionado.
Save space in your cupboard and show off your favorite drinkware with our handy mug tree. Crafted of rustic cast iron and glass, it displays six mugs with ease. Perfect for hosting afternoon tea or serving after-dinner coffee.
At first glance, you may not think you need our earthenware cow creamer. But life is supposed to be fun, and we know using it each morning with your first cup of joe will bring a smile to your lips. Another reason to smile? It’s dishwasher-safe.
Add a touch of whimsy to your decor with our cute Barnyard Sugar Bowl. Crafted of ceramic earthenware with a light glaze, it’s sure to bring smiles any time you reach for something sweet.
Our charming little teapot, short and stout, is covered in TLC. The adorable, hand-woven cable knit sweater with a pom-pom top covers a pot of your favorite tea or hot chocolate to keep it warm and cozy—just like a warm hug.
Amazing Grace. This clever multitasker looks like a classic teapot combined with a bit of innovation. Steep a single serving of tea, then lift the top handle to reveal the cup. (Along with an impressive serving of ingenuity.)
Fall is the time for pumpkin everything, and our shiny, pumpkin canister is just what you need to infuse your decor with the season's favorite squash. Simply fill it with something colorful and set it on a shelf or make it part of your tablescape.
Our happy couple of dolomite gourds can season your table from Halloween through the rest of fall.
Pumpkins might possibly top the list of the best things about fall, and our charming salt and pepper shakers are the perfect way to add them to your decor this season. In two different sizes, with totally different shapes, this set instantly turns your table into a stylish, little pumpkin patch.
The hand-painted puppy parade featured on our handblown, glass cookie jar is the perfect way to say welcome to the season of cute costumes, smiling pumpkins and tasty treats. Fill it with your favorites and make the season extra sweet.
Make your party extra stylish, plus a little bit spooky, when you serve up your treats and fare on our colorful tray. The bright skull design, inspired by the Day of the Dead celebration, is sure to delight your guests and add to the revelry of the fright-filled season.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our pure white, glazed bowl for a special occasion. Its updated stackable shape combines effortlessly with other patterns, so you can dress things up, tone things down or create a fresh look every day. All while never having to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, it's positively brilliant.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our pasta bowl for a special occasion. And you don't have to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, this might be positively brilliant.
Our Luminous Pasta Bowl is 100% pure porcelain, yet it's dishwasher- and microwave-safe. Good china you can use every day. Your mom will be so proud.
Nothing perks up a table like fresh, colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. And, if you happen to cover them with food, well, that just makes everything more appetizing. Coordinates with our Carynthum Collection of sculpted earthenware but on its own? Definitely not a shrinking violet.
French script, novel, handcrafted shapes and colorful poppy bouquets make our Le Fleur collection of dishwasher-safe earthenware the perfect way to acknowledge your joie de vivre. After all, coffee with pastries, salads or desserts should be celebrated as a joyful occasion.
Nothing perks up a table like colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. Our Carynthum earthenware has the substantial look and feel of artisan pottery, with contrasting interiors and bursts of bold floral forms. But Carynthum is also microwaveable and dishwasher-safe, so it can endure everyday use. Without wilting.
Our glazed stoneware pieces have been crafted by hand, so they have the rustic look, irregular surfaces and rubbed edges you'd expect from farmhouse pottery. And somehow? They're still refined. Classic silhouettes and soft color make them an easy choice for special occasions; the fact that they're dishwasher-safe makes them a natural for everyday use.
This way to handcrafted stoneware designs. Our Spice Route Collection gives you colors and shapes that easily mix or match, along with artful details like beaded edges and a glossy, glazed finish. And of course, they travel from the microwave to the table to dishwasher, and still look fresh.
You'll be grateful for our Thanksgiving-themed salad plates and the messages that grace their surface. Handcrafted of porcelain, our four-piece set is ready to be a thoughtful accent to your harvest table or on display where friends and family gather.
Not your average acorn, our winsome lidded bowl is crafted from gorgeously glazed stoneware and embellished with a debossed pattern. It creates an elegant presentation for serving up hearty soups and stews.
A fantastical celebration of fall’s flora and fauna, our critter-inspired salad plates add a wonderful woodland inspiration to your table settings. Coordinate with dinnerware in a solid color to make the plates pop atop your table.
From this acorn, you could grow a great oak of a dinner party. Our stoneware acorn salad plate will be a charming addition to your autumn gatherings. It's the perfect size for seasonal snacking and distinct enough to be displayed when not in use.
Our glossy lidded pumpkin bowl has subtle variations in color. This elegant twist on the traditional gourd can do Halloween, Thanksgiving and so much more.
Our glossy salad plate has subtle variations in color. This elegant twist on the traditional gourd can do Halloween, Thanksgiving and so much more.
Our lidded pumpkin bowl has an elegant, golden-trimmed handle. This elegant twist on the traditional gourd can do Halloween, Thanksgiving and so much more.
Our pumpkin salad plate has an elegant golden trim. This elegant twist on the traditional gourd can do Halloween, Thanksgiving and so much more.
Nothing speaks to the kid in all of us quite like jumping in a pile of leaves. Our shatter-resistant melamine dinnerware encourages you to do just that—jump in and make the most of the season just like these playful pups. Hang out with friends and do a little fall frolicking of your own.
Bring some pastoral whimsy to your next serving of leafy greens with our salad plates. This set of four includes rustic ceramic plates with unique, watercolor-style depictions of barnyard animals. Perfect for ladies’ lunches, indoor picnics and family dinners.
Every dish looks more delicious when it’s served on our pretty plate in just the right shade of pink. Handcrafted with scrolling designs, it’s a welcome addition to any tablescape or dinner table.
Every dish looks more delicious when it’s served on our pretty plate in just the right shade of blue. Handcrafted with scrolling designs, it’s a welcome addition to any tablescape or dinner table.
Our sweet appetizer plate instantly turns your tabletop into a spring meadow, complete with lovely leaves and fluttery butterflies. It’s a stylish addition to your solid dinnerware and a perfect complement to a fresh floral bouquet.
Entertain with a touch of spring with our charming ceramic plate. Birds and butterflies make a lovely addition to your dinnerware collection and serve up fresh style anytime you take them out of the cabinet.
Exotic blossoms burst from our bright ironstone salad plate. Bring a little cabana-chic to your brunch, patio party or just treat yourself to a seasonal update. The beautiful blossoms will provide you with a splash of color all year round.
Much like our Napa Serving Platter and Bowl (sold separately), our Appetizer Platter is handcrafted from richly hued acacia wood. Polished to a satiny finish, it's best suited for serving dry appetizers (think as a cheese board with crackers). To maintain the beautiful, one-of-a-kind finish, hand-washing is recommended.
Delight your guests when you serve hors d'oeuvres, sweets or salad on our plate featuring a beautiful winter scene—colorful birds perching quietly on a buck’s impressive antlers. Perfect for the holidays, but you can use our glazed ironstone plate all winter long. Plus, it's dishwasher-safe and may be used in the microwave.
It's not showy and loud. But it is simply beautiful. Come in store and buy a square porcelain tidbit plate today and we guarantee you'll find a use for it every day.
Our handcrafted glass plates feature a foil-finish reverse side—where the bird's image has actually been applied so the top surface is smooth and ready for whatever you want to serve. Includes storage box. For your table, or as a gift to someone special? Well, who wouldn't be proud?
Reminiscent of iconic Victorian majolica, these shiny embossed dessert plates bring a splash of brilliant color to the table. And more importantly, dessert.
Small foods: You can take them, but do you know how to dish them out?  Sushi, tapas and tastings of all kinds serve up better on this sleek plate with luminous, reactive glaze finish.
Forget blending in. Our zebra plate is a standout, adding an exotic touch whether in use on your tabletop or displayed in your kitchen. Smartly crafted of dishwasher-safe and microwaveable glazed ironstone, it can earn its stripes every day.
Forget blending in. Our giraffe plate is a standout, adding an exotic touch whether in use on your tabletop or displayed in your kitchen. Smartly crafted of dishwasher-safe and microwaveable glazed ironstone.
The birch leaf comes from one of the most most graceful trees. Add our beautiful, hand-painted glass salad plate to a festive table setting to infuse a touch of Mother Nature. It’s pretty enough to display on its own or to use as part of an autumn tablescape.
Take on an autumn attitude with our charming quartet of stoneware salad plates. Made exclusively for Pier 1, they feature four different sweet-faced animals, each on a different background. Plus, they’re dishwasher-safe and microwaveable, which makes them as useful as they are cute.
What better way to spend a lazy fall day in the park than with the newspaper and your best friends? Treat your guests to something special with our ironstone salad plate that features a stylish New Yorker with her attentive pups. Buy one for the dog lover in your life, then she’ll be your best friend, too.
Depicting a tawny owl, our artful plate is a real hoot. Wisely crafted of glazed ironstone, it’s microwaveable, dishwasher-safe and altogether practical. Perfect for your late-night snacks. After all, owls are nocturnal.
Wouldn't you like to dine in a forest where azure shimmer grows on trees, along with leaves of green, red and gold? We’re bringing that forest to you in the form of our microwaveable and dishwasher-safe plate crafted of glazed ironstone. You wouldn’t mind getting lost in that.
Think of all the scrumptious recipes you could serve with our porcelain noodle bowl. This innovative design incorporates bamboo chopsticks at the ready for any variety of tastes, from vermicelli and ramen noodles to pad thai. Not a noodle fan? Our apologies. Consider calling it a stir-fry bowl.
Reminiscent of iconic Victorian majolica, these shiny embossed ice cream bowls bring a splash of brilliant color to the table. And more importantly, dessert.
Our sweet Starfish Bowl will steal the show at your next dinner party. Fill it with anything from dip to dinner mints to add delightful, coastal style to you party decor.
Like a vintage latte bowl, our navy ceramic version is sure to be a kitchen classic and can hold plenty of steamed milk. Cereal tastes good in it, too.
Like a vintage latte bowl, our red ceramic version is sure to be a kitchen classic and can hold plenty of steamed milk. Cereal tastes good in it, too.
Like a vintage latte bowl, our turquoise ceramic version is sure to be a kitchen classic and can hold plenty of steamed milk. Cereal tastes good in it, too.
That morning cup of joe always tastes best from your favorite cup, and our stoneware Chalk Note Mug yearns to be labeled with your name—or whatever inspiration gets you going.
Our clear glass mug reveals your dislike of mornings while cheerfully offering your first cup of get-going fuel.
A breezy, beach-themed mug with a little seahorse sweetly smooching the side—imagine greeting seaside sunrises with this beauty.
Do we even need to say it? A cute rope-motif handle and the truth—that’s what this mug gives you.
Our stoneware commuter mug could make mornings a little brighter. It's a little taller to hold more coffee or tea, topped with a soft lid for neat sipping and covered in sparkles for an extra helping of fabulousness. As a gift for a best friend or new grad, it's golden.
Just for you—our handsomely finished glazed earthenware mug. The embossed initial and handle create a classic look, but you’ll appreciate the practical side to this mug: It’s dishwasher-safe and microwaveable. With a sleek concave silhouette, it's ready to start your day, perk up your afternoon and wind down your evening.
A group of peafowl is called a party, and we definitely see why. Our peacock-inspired dinnerware energizes your table with rich, hand-painted designs in upbeat hues. Made of durable stoneware, these pieces are both microwaveable and dishwasher-safe. So you can expect the party to last.
Just for you—our handsomely finished glazed earthenware mug. The embossed initial and handle create a classic look, but you’ll appreciate the practical side to this mug: It’s dishwasher-safe and microwaveable. With a sleek concave silhouette, it's ready to start your day, perk up your afternoon and wind down your evening.
Start your morning off with a fresh cup of positivity. It’s hard not to when your daily cup of joe comes along with our cheeky sentiment.
Start your morning off with a fresh cup of wishful thinking. It’s hard not to when your daily cup of joe comes along with our dreamy sentiment.
Start your morning off with a fresh cup of good fortune. It’s hard not to when you daily cup of joe comes along with our serendipitous sentiment.
Who wouldn’t love breakfast in bed? Instead, they’ll greet sunrise with a smirk—and a warm cup of coffee or tea, if they’re lucky. Send a message to that special someone on your gift list with our amusing mug.
Put your personal stamp of approval on your morning cup of coffee or tea with our initial mug. Featuring a script font and colorful floral background, our classic design definitely creates a lasting impression.
You can never have too much of a good thing. Fill our mug with your favorite thing, and find your happy.
The perfect complement to your morning cup of joe comes with a compliment. So spread the joy and get an extra one to compliment your friends, too.
Well, isn’t this crafty? Hand-painted, embossed details come together to create a clever mug with a foxy face. Makes for a clever gift, too.
Delight your guests when you serve hot chocolate, tea, coffee and more in our pretty mug featuring a beautiful winter scene—colorful birds perching quietly on a buck’s impressive antlers. Perfect for the holidays, but you can use our glazed ironstone mug all winter long. Plus, it's dishwasher-safe and may be used in the microwave.
This one’s for you and your friend. Buy two and relive every fun-filled, crazy moment together over a cup of coffee or tea.
Our crafty mug comes with specific instructions on how to handle the morning. Basically, let the coffee do the work.
Made with a reactive technique that creates a multi-tonal effect, our mug is as unique as your choice of a morning cup of joe. Vanilla latte, cappuccino or plain black—drink it your way.
Eclectic in design, our Selena Mug will awaken your inner bohemian as you slowly sip your morning cup of tea. Best when served with a mix-to-match table setting.
Our McKenzie mug makes a great gift for those letter-perfect—and wonderfully imperfect—people in your life.
It may look like a million bucks, but you won’t spend that much for our giftable glazed ceramic mug.
Our McKenzie mug makes a great gift for those letter-perfect—and wonderfully imperfect—people in your life.
Wherever you decide to have coffee—with our mug you’re always home. And that’s pretty sweet.
Get a boost of energy by filling our stainless steel travel mug with your favorite hot or cold drink.
Our McKenzie mug makes a great gift for those letter-perfect—and wonderfully imperfect—people in your life.
It’s easy to keep calm when you’re waking up with a hot mug of fresh coffee or taking an afternoon tea break. Add a little sparkle to your day as well with this sassy striped mug, made of dishwasher-safe ceramic. It has room for 18 ounces of your favorite beverage, which makes for a whole lotta calm.
Wide-eyed and alert. Not only does that describe the owl on this mug, but also the feeling you’re usually going for when sipping from it. Perfect for early birds, night owls and anyone who gets a hoot from such a cute cup.
Here's the mug that's entitled to bragging rights. Epic size? You bet. Prettiest ceramic pattern? Definitely a contender (especially since it's dishwasher-safe). Smartest owner? We think so, but then we'll let you be the judge of that.
The whimsical stoneware Owl Buddy Mug features hand-illustrated, fine-feathered friends against a straw-colored field, with a creamy interior and narrow brown rim. Also good pals: Our matching Owl Buddy Appetizer Plate (available separately).
Coffee with the cat. As long as she promises to keep your coffee warm and flavorful and her paws to herself. And if she promises to keep all your drinks just the way you like it. And add a bit of fun, too. You’ll be spending so much time with your chubby cat mug that your real cat might get jealous.
If hanging out with your friend is on par with a vodka martini or a no-holds-barred shopping spree, she must be pretty fabulous. Let her know with this spunky mug.
A bright ceramic mug with a bright, upbeat message, all packaged and ready to give. We feel happier already.
There's an animal hidden in all of us. Most mornings, it just takes a cup of coffee to be revealed. To understand more, we must look deeper, ever deeper into the cup before us, with its glazed dolomite and unexpected details. Whoa! Is that a giraffe in my cup?
When describing a cute, big-eyed, bold-faced, painted Owl Mug like this, you might think we'd turn to silly puns like "what a hoot" or "a word to the wise." But no. Not us. With discerning, owl-loving mug-drinkers like you, that sort of cheap word play just won't fly.
Money can't buy happiness...or can it?
From now on, spots on your dishes are a good thing. At least, they will be whenever you parade out our exclusive hand-painted ironstone Confetti Mug.  Connect the dots at Pier 1.
Your cup runneth over with love? Fine. But coffee &amp; milk should stay put. Enter our oversized stoneware Café Au Lait Mug: 26 fluid ounces of sheer café elbow room. Sipping heaven for you, an above-ground pool for donuts.
You cup runneth over with love or joy? Fine. But coffee &amp; milk should stay put. Enter our oversized stoneware Café Au Lait Mug: 139 cubic inches of sheer café elbow room. Sipping heaven for you, an above-ground pool for donuts.
There are simply no words to describe our black &amp; white ceramic Cow Mug. It's udderly indescribable. The best we've ever herd of. Cream of the crop. Moo-y bueno. Spot on. Yessir, we're milking this for all it's worth.
No actual tiny chimps were harmed in the making of our awesome Monkey Mug. But some fine ceramic stoneware did make the ultimate sacrifice. It would be beastly not to buy one.
Peacocks are so stylish now, and this splendid mug allows you to take the trend to your breakfast table, desk or patio. Mmmm. Coffee or tea, anyone?
We see the cat, but where exactly is the mouse? Hmm. Better ponder this after a few sips of coffee. (And yes, that is a hint.)
OMG. Get out. ROTFL at the Internet slang scribed across this oversized mug. Why not get one for yourself? After all, YOLO.
Not yourself in the mornings? The height of masculinity with an undeniable element of sophistication, this moustachioed stoneware mug is the best disguise for that just-rolled-out-of-bed look.
Of the sort usually found only in art studios, our Mondu Wave Mug features a one-of-a-kind reactive finish that will create a comforting presence in your morning adventures. Made from stoneware to hold heat and create a stir. Sugar or cream?
Wouldn't you like to drink java in a forest where azure shimmer grows on trees, along with leaves of green, red and gold? We’re bringing that forest to you in the form of our microwaveable and dishwasher-safe mug crafted of glazed ironstone. You wouldn’t mind getting lost in that.
What better way to spend a lazy fall day in the park than with the newspaper and your best friends? Treat your guests to something special with our ironstone mug that features a stylish New Yorker with her attentive pups. Buy one for the dog lover in your life, then she’ll be your best friend, too.
Forget blending in. Our Zebra Mug is a standout, adding an exotic touch whether in use or displayed in your kitchen. Smartly crafted of dishwasher-safe and microwaveable glazed ironstone, it can earn its stripes every day.
Forget blending in. Our Giraffe Mug is a standout, adding an exotic touch whether in use on your tabletop or displayed in your kitchen. Smartly crafted of dishwasher-safe and microwaveable glazed ironstone.
Depicting a tawny owl, our artful mug is a real hoot. Wisely crafted of glazed ironstone, it’s microwaveable, dishwasher-safe and altogether practical. Perfect for your late-night drinks. After all, owls are nocturnal.
You'll be smiling like Rover when you sip your favorite morning brew from our earthenware mug. More reasons to smile? It's dishwasher-safe and microwaveable.
Our stoneware mug will help you enjoy the moment—be it morning, noon or evening. It's sure to become your most treasured since it bears your favorite initial. Do you know what else you'll enjoy? How simple things are—our mug is dishwasher-safe and microwaveable.
Talk about bright. Our glazed stoneware mugs are generously sized so you can enjoy classic servings of lattes, cappuccinos or cafes au lait. And they're stackable so you can enjoy a little more space on your kitchen counter. Set of six mugs includes metal stand for easy storage.
The grand opening of the Eiffel Tower in 1889 changed the landscape of Paris forever. Our chic porcelain Paris Stacking Mugs might just have a similar effect on your little corner of the world.
As if the bright colors and delightfully quirky owls aren’t enough, this set of mugs is also a kitchen counter brightener and space saver. All that, plus keeping your drinks nice and warm (or cold), too? You know what you’re asking for this Christmas.
Whether tucked in a cabinet or displayed on the counter, you can expect our Suzani mugs to be popular. Each nice-sized white porcelain cup features a distinct patchwork design and sits stacked in a vertical, space-saving iron rack.
In between sips, sometimes it’s nice to just...pause. That happy dot-dot-dot you enjoy so much? This glazed modern mug set captures it perfectly. Flaunting vivid over-sized circles and colorful handles, each handcrafted cup is microwaveable and dishwasher-safe. Just don’t be surprised when it comes out with spots on it.
Wake up your royal tea party with a set of porcelain mugs. Each is illustrated with a royal crown and stacks inside a golden caddy, saving space in your castle’s countertops and kitchen islands.
With their scroll-like design and vibrant colors, our coffee mugs really stack up. Best of all? They nest easily and neatly in your cupboard or on your countertop.
Decorated with birds that make the seashore their home, our stackable mugs help remind you that the calm of the morning ocean can be as close as your first cup of tea or coffee.
Trick or treat! Did somebody say treat? Create a fun, not spooky, place setting with a melamine plate featuring adorable pups in Halloween costumes. Perfect for every day or entertaining indoors and out, these four-legged trick-or-treaters will be a holiday favorite. Remember, no chocolate!
Delight your Halloween guests with our devilishly elegant set of salad plates. Plus, durable melamine construction ensures they won’t crash the party. What a treat.
Create a spooky, kooky table by mixing our Day of the Dead salad plate with solid-color dinnerware. It's made of printed BPA-free melamine with a white underside, so just add purple, orange or black linens, plus a fun centerpiece or a few candles, and you'll be set for a terrorific meal.
Trick or treat! Did somebody say treat? Have a fun, not spooky morning cup of coffee with our ironstone mug featuring adorable Halloween pups parading round. These four-legged trick-or-treaters will be a holiday favorite. Remember, no chocolate!
Our beautifully balanced stainless flatware complements your antique-to-modern place settings with aplomb. With a profile that’s spare but never plain, and a finish that’s satin-smooth as though polished from years of use, North flatware looks like it has been a part of your family gatherings for generations.
This 20-piece set of flatware features handles with hammered detail, giving it a look of elegance and refinement.
Fine dining is timeless, and our Antique Baroque Flatware Set brings the look of an heirloom service to the modern day. Made of lustrous, dishwasher-safe stainless steel, this 20-piece set serves four elegantly.
The twig-shaped handles on our Arbor Flatware Collection proudly convey your affinity for the outdoors. The golden brass handles have stainless steel conventional heads. Set includes four each: Salad fork, dinner fork, dinner knife, dinner spoon and teaspoon.
The twig-shaped handles on our Arbor Flatware Collection proudly convey your affinity for the outdoors. The bronze-finish brass handles have stainless steel conventional heads. Set includes four each: Salad fork, dinner fork, dinner knife, dinner spoon and teaspoon.
The twig-shaped handles on our Arbor Flatware Collection proudly convey your affinity for the outdoors. The silver-tone brass handles have stainless steel conventional heads. Set includes four each: Salad fork, dinner fork, dinner knife, dinner spoon and teaspoon.
What a pretty little hostess gift our dolomite candy dish would make. Just the perfect size—and price—to say, "Thanks for inviting me." Even better, add some "sweet treats" to the dish before you present it to your friend.
Give your tabletop a handsome homage to nature with our exclusive ceramic serveware. Crafted with golden antlers, each piece gives your celebrations a dash of rustic-meets-glam.
Our Chateau Clair Collection is an impressive display on any table. Making an interesting and fresh presentation, the hand-painted, whitewashed stoneware serving bowl with raised lace-like detail is suitable for everyday or more formal occasions.
Dress your table to impress with Nathalie. Our dishwasher-safe earthenware serving platter is carefully crafted with a lustrous glaze by Portuguese artisans. Its beaded border and vintage-style pattern add a fanciful touch. Impressive, isn’t it?
Dress your table to impress with Nathalie. Our dishwasher-safe earthenware cake stand is carefully crafted with a lustrous glaze by Portuguese artisans. Its beaded border and vintage-style pattern add a fanciful touch to your sweet treats. Impressive, isn’t it?
Dress your table to impress with Nathalie. Our dishwasher-safe earthenware serve bowl is carefully crafted with a lustrous glaze by Portuguese artisans. Its beaded border and vintage-style pattern add a fanciful touch. Impressive, isn’t it?
When it’s time to serve fish, go with our unique glazed earthenware platter featuring a friendly raised fish motif. With its generous size, it’s a real catch.
Your table will thank you for dressing things up with our white dolomite serving bowl. A stylish way to serve vegetables, fruit or dessert, it may even make things taste better, if that’s possible.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our pasta bowl for a special occasion. And you don't have to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, it's positively brilliant.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our divided serving bowl for a special occasion. And you don't have to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, it's positively brilliant.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our platter for a special occasion. And you don't have to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, it's positively brilliant.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save our serving bowl for a special occasion. And you don't have to fear the microwave or dishwasher. Luminous? Why, it's positively brilliant.
If you're wondering who has been collecting candy, look no further than our woodland friend. Crafted of glazed white earthenware, this squirrel has quite the sweet tooth. We're sure he's willing to share the goodies with your family and friends.
Entertain with antlers and energize your party with the beauty of nature. Our handcrafted tiered serving bowls feature deer head handles and a simple design to make your soiree style truly stunning.
Who will even know if you have a second slice of cake? Well, this little owl will, but we’re pretty sure he’s smart enough to keep a secret.
Carrots, peas and asparagus—oh my! Our glazed ceramic platter is a stylish way to get your daily dose of greens. With intricate horticultural carvings around the perimeter, it will always remind you what it’s made to serve: Veggies!
Carrots, peas and asparagus—oh my! Our glazed ceramic bowl is a stylish way to get your daily dose of greens. With intricate horticultural carvings around the perimeter, it will always remind you what it’s made to serve: Veggies!
Did you know seahorses can look forward and backward at the same time? Coincidentally, our elegant tiered server looks mighty fine from every angle. Crafted by hand from antiqued ceramic and held together by two aluminum seahorses, it’s perfectly sized for candy, crackers, mints and more.
Ask any dachshund owner and they'll tell you that the breed's elongated shape is highly adapted to the dog's purpose—in this case, presenting a row of saltines to your guests. Crafted of dolomite, this dog is a purebred, exclusively Pier 1 showstopper.
Always beautiful despite its murky surroundings, the lotus flower represents purity, rebirth and prosperity. With that in mind, our porcelain Lotus Dip Bowl makes a beautiful addition to your table setting, at a price that makes it perfectly giftable as well.
Treat your guests to something sweet with our charming platter. Crafted from glazed white ceramic, it features a vintage-style, typewritten description of its contents and a rustic, farmhouse-style bow. Whether you fill it with appetizers, a main course or cookies, you’ll be serving up a side of style as well.
Treat your guests to something sweet with our charming rectangular platter. Crafted from glazed white ceramic, it features a vintage-style, typewritten description of its contents and a rustic, farmhouse-style bow. Whether you fill the tray with cupcakes, cookies, muffins or candy, you’ll be serving up a side of style as well.
What’s the fastest way to add character to a meal? Good-looking serveware. Crafted from glazed white ceramic with gently scalloped edges, our platter serves up a hearty helping of style, whether it's dishing up prime rib or veggies.
Invite Abigail to the table and you'll no doubt impress guests. Feminine and congenial, this ivory platter with a raised lace-like trim is suitable for everyday and more formal occasions.
Made of embossed, glazed dolomite, our platter has a classic look. But it also has modern practicality. It’s dishwasher-safe and ready for special guests or everyday family dinners.
Made of embossed, glazed dolomite, our cake stand has a classic look. It's the perfect touch when serving special guests, but will make family feel extra-special when celebrating a birthday, a holiday or the weekend.
So wild yet so civilized. Our antique white ceramic bowl is affixed to a whimsical kneeling giraffe handcrafted from solid aluminum. Pair it with our Elephant Dip Bowl and get the conversation started for formal or informal dinners.
Entertain with antlers and energize your party with the beauty of nature. Our handcrafted platter features deer head handles and a simple design to make your soiree style truly stunning.
Entertain with antlers and energize your party with the beauty of nature. Our handcrafted bowl features deer head handles and a simple design to make your soiree style truly stunning.
With an embossed pattern and beautiful hand-painted details, our Antique Scroll footed serving bowl has a classic look. But it also has a modern practicality. It’s dishwasher-safe, microwaveable and ready for special company or everyday family dinners.
With an embossed pattern and beautiful hand-painted details, our Antique Scroll covered soup tureen has a classic look. But it also has a modern practicality. It’s dishwasher-safe, microwaveable and ready for special company or everyday family dinners.
A gravy boat is one of those things you don't know you need until you need it. This classic example, with a raised scroll design, is made of glazed dolomite and will come in handy on countless occasions. Aside from its versatile good looks, it's both dishwasher-safe and microwaveable, too.
Invite Abigail to the table and you'll no doubt impress guests. Feminine and congenial, the ivory stoneware with a raised lace-like trim is suitable for everyday occasions as well as more formal fetes. And the finishing touch? A beaded, scroll-pattern stand. Dishwasher-safe and microwaveable, this serving bowl boasts modern sensibilities, too.
There’s something squirrelly about this serving bowl and we think it’s absolutely adorable. Crafted of aluminum with an antiqued white ceramic bowl, this squirrel is gathering nuts for the cooler season ahead, but he’ll share his stash with you.
Dip isn't even the half of it. Pick up a few of our Luminous porcelain bowls to serve a sampling of salsas, spreads, sauces and condiments. Or nuts. Or olives. Or keep a few extra on hand at the bar for cocktail garnishes. We could go on. But we're getting hungry.
Pure white, pretty and versatile, our Luminous porcelain servers can be used as platters or trays, and mixed with nearly any dinnerware or tablescape. Part of the Pier 1 Tasting Party® Collection.
Little white bowls. Just the right size for bite-size servings, nuts or dips. Works beautifully with our Tasting Party &amp; Trade collection, or an ocean-themed party.
Sip or dip? Either way our small white Luminous porcelain bowl is perfectly portioned for individual servings.
Classic and refined, porcelain is also exceptionally durable. Which is why you don't have to save this pure white, glazed platter for a special occasion. Its updated look combines effortlessly with other patterns, so you can dress things up or tone things down. Luminous? Why, this might be positively brilliant.
Part of Pier 1's own porcelain Luminous Collection, this bowl is beautiful, durable, and can go from casual to casually elegant in a snap. Dishwasher safe and microwaveable. A Pier 1 exclusive.
There's something so pristine and perfect about our simple little white Luminous porcelain bowl. It's simply a great dish to have around.
It's hip to be square. Case in point, our Luminous porcelain dish—a modern classic. Dishwasher-safe and microwavable.
Serve up boiled or decorated eggs in our white porcelain egg cup. Why not use it for mini desserts, condiments or appetizers, too? The possibilities are endless.
Our handcrafted ceramic basket is a classic way to serve whole fruit, crackers or bread at your next get-together. Or add decorative spheres and use it as an instant centerpiece. So. Versatile.
Because porcelain, like gravy itself, makes everything better, our Luminous gravy boat/warmer is made of classic white porcelain and easy to use. Just place a lit tealight on the metal holder and let fire do its thing. That's it. The rest is pure you-know-what.
The scalloped shape of these porcelain dipping bowls makes your salsas and sauces even more alluring, if that’s possible. Something tasty is always found within the form of an opening flower, after all. And, as they’re massed on your table, these create a field of flavors and aromas to sample. Best of all, your good taste comes quite inexpensively, in this case.
Nothing perks up a table like fresh, colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. And, if you happen to cover one with a fun snack, well, that just makes everything more appetizing. Coordinates with our Carynthum Collection of sculpted earthenware but on its own? Definitely not a shrinking violet.
Evoking a Mediterranean ambience, the pieces in our San Marino collection of dinner- and serveware are substantial in heft and remarkably pretty. Hand-painted and glazed, the scrolled floral pattern features shades of blue, with paprika and saffron, atop an ivory background.  This winning design creates a look that will no doubt be the talk of the table—and in this case, that's a good thing.
Evoking a Mediterranean ambience, the pieces in our San Marino collection of dinner- and serveware are substantial in heft and remarkably pretty. Hand-painted and glazed, the scrolled floral pattern features shades of blue, with paprika and saffron, atop an ivory background. This winning design creates a look that will no doubt be the talk of the table—and in this case, that's a good thing.
The bold pattern and mix of fiery colors keep this updated Mexicali serving platter looking hot, hot, hot. Made of hand-painted ironstone, the piece is perfect for crazy-fun parties or patio happy hours—not to mention making everyday dinners anything but a siesta.
Shabby chic meets modern chick in pretty ironstone serveware designed to coordinate rather than match exactly. Easy to mix with ivory or neutral dinnerware, Maribeth is also easy to take from table to dishwasher. We did say it was modern, right?
This hand-painted ironstone bowl can spice things up even before you put the food on the table. Perfect for wild crazy fun parties or patio happy hours, it also makes your everyday dinners anything but a siesta.
Nothing perks up a table like fresh, colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. And, if you happen to cover them with food, well, that just makes everything more appetizing. Coordinates with our Carynthum Collection of painted earthenware but on its own? Definitely not a shrinking violet.
Nothing perks up a table like fresh, colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. And, if you happen to cover one with food, well, that just makes everything more appetizing. Coordinates with our Carynthum Collection of sculpted earthenware but on its own? Definitely not a shrinking violet.
Why ruin a perfectly good hat when you can serve up the salsa from our sombrero-inspired Mexicali Chip &amp; Dip? Crafted from durable ironstone and painted in sunny south-of-the-border colors, its all-in-one construction makes for easy handling. And if you want to do the Mexican Hat Dance around it, hey—why not?
Nothing perks up a table like colorful blooms. Even if they're the painted-on variety. Our Carynthum earthenware has the substantial look and feel of artisan pottery, with contrasting interiors and bursts of bold floral forms. But Carynthum is also dishwasher-safe, so this sectioned server can endure everyday use. Without wilting.
The unique beauty of this platter can't be overstated. The impressive rack on the buck mimics branches of a tree, where watercolor-like birds sit perched. Dotted details, on both the deer and the ground below, exude a subtle shimmer, making this an unexpected and enchanting piece of practical art for the nature lover.
Serve treats with a side of spring romance. Our charming ceramic platter features stencil-like outlines of butterflies and leaves in a refreshing pastel. It's perfectly sized for appetizers and desserts or for display on a gallery-style wall.
Anytime we share a meal with family and friends is worth celebrating. So serve up some cheer with our delightful serving bowl, hand-molded from ceramic stoneware and finished with an eye-catching reactive glaze. Thanks to the pastel, meadow-inspired design, springtime romance will be on the table all year long.
Anytime we share a meal with family and friends is worth celebrating. So serve up some cheer with our delightful dip bowl, hand-molded from ceramic stoneware and finished with an eye-catching reactive glaze. Thanks to the pastel, meadow-inspired design, springtime romance will be on the table all year long.
Anytime we share a meal with family and friends is worth celebrating. So serve up some cheer with our delightful oval platter, hand-molded from ceramic stoneware and finished with an eye-catching reactive glaze. Thanks to the pastel, meadow-inspired design, springtime romance will be on the table all year long.
Our vibrant earthenware bowl is a sticky-free way to service up your favorite summer foods. Think picnics, barbecues, pool parties—the opportunities are as endless as the bold bursts of color.
Good morning, Sunshine. Our earthenware serving bowl knows how to perk up a party. Bright as a field of sunflowers, it's so cheerful, you’ll want to keep it on display. But it's dishwasher-safe, so go ahead and use it—frequently.
Hand-painted in a traditional blue and white pattern, our porcelain sushi platter is pretty enough for guests yet affordable so your family can enjoy it, too. Know what you'll enjoy most? It's dishwasher-safe.
When life gives you lemons, serve your best meal with them. Our vintage-style, earthenware .serving bowl, handcrafted so no two are exactly alike, will give your side dish fresh-picked appeal. Mix our dishwasher-safe bowl with solid yellow dinnerware or with an eclectic collection of your favorite patterns and colors.
When life gives you lemons, serve your best meal on them. Our vintage-style, earthenware platter, handcrafted so no two are exactly alike, will give your entree fresh-picked appeal. Mix our dishwasher-safe platter with solid yellow dinnerware or with an eclectic collection of your favorite patterns and colors.
Trimmed in a decorative plume motif, our gleaming ironstone platter brings one of the season's favorite new looks to the table. Subtle coloring makes it easy to mix with a range of table settings, and the artful look can go classic or exotic. Let your imagination take flight.
Though they tend to keep to themselves in the pasture, our beloved barnyard friends have teamed up here for one very sweet purpose. Perched on one another’s backs, they bring a touch of whimsy to your table in the form of our ceramic cake stand.
Serve your guests a hearty helping of pastoral charm with our farm animals platter. Crafted with glazed ceramic and a watercolor-style barnyard scene, it’s perfectly sized for serving meat, veggies and other crowd-pleasers.
Though sheep, pigs and cows tend to keep to themselves in the pasture, our beloved barnyard friends have teamed up here for one very important purpose: Snack time. Connected by a round handle on their backs, they’ll cheerfully serve up chips, dips, veggies and other social snacks. Dig in.
Contrary to popular stereotypes, pigs are extraordinarily intelligent, clean and social animals. So invite this little guy to your next dinner party, where he’ll be happy to dish out candy, nuts and other snacks. Maybe even a smile or two.
Sunflowers make us smile. And our glazed ironstone platter, blooming with bold sunflowers, will bring smiles to your table. Bold enough for parties, pretty enough for more intimate dinners and practical enough for family suppers, our platter is dishwasher-safe. And that makes you smile.
The beauty and versatility of blue and white, with the added earthiness of terracotta, give you a collection for all seasons. Made in Portugal of glazed terracotta, our Katerina Collection is perfect for dinner parties inside or brunches on the patio.
Wouldn't you like to serve your entree in a forest where azure shimmer grows on trees, along with leaves of green, red and gold? We’re bringing that forest to you in the form of our dishwasher-safe, glazed ironstone platter. You wouldn’t mind getting lost in that.
It may be designed for rigatoni, spaghetti and gnocchi, but our pasta bowl also offers a healthy helping of fruit with each meal. Crafted of microwaveable glazed ironstone, it has sloping sides to keep your pasta and sauces in the bowl and off your shirt. And when you’re all finito with dinner, just toss your bowl in the dishwasher.
What better way to spend a lazy fall day in the park than with your best friends? Treat your guests to something special with our dishwasher-safe, microwaveable ironstone platter. Buy one for the dog lover in your life, then she’ll be your best friend, too.
Hacienda de vida means “ranch of life” in Spanish, but we think our stoneware serving bowl is more suited to thoughts of “this is the life.” Handcrafted and finished with a pretty glazed finish, it will add a festive touch to your family meals and a ready-to-have-fun attitude to your soirees. Plus, it’s dishwasher-safe and microwaveable, which will make you a happy camper.
Hacienda de vida means “ranch of life” in Spanish, but we think our stoneware platter is more suited to thoughts of “this is the life.” Handcrafted and finished with a pretty glazed finish, it will add a festive touch to your family meals and a ready-to-have-fun attitude to your soirees. Plus, it’s dishwasher-safe and microwaveable, which will make you a happy camper.
Your roasted garlic deserves better than foil so treat yourself to an all-ceramic garlic roaster. Who can resist that little bulb of garlic as a handle? No one. Breath mints not included.
Our glazed stoneware dip bowl has been crafted so it has the irregular surfaces, rubbed edges and rustic look you'd expect from farmhouse pottery. But somehow, it's still refined. A classic silhouette and soft color make it an easy choice for special occasions; the fact that it's dishwasher-safe makes it a natural for everyday use.
Our handcrafted ceramic basket is a classic way to serve whole fruit, crackers or bread at your next get-together. Or add decorative spheres and use it as an instant centerpiece. So. Versatile.
Earthy as a sun-drenched Tuscan meadow, this hefty Italian-made earthenware platter is defined by its rustic, organic shape and warm, honey glaze. Embossed olive-branch relief adds the finishing touch. Bellissima.
Come on in: The queso is fine (or salsa or guacamole or spinach-artichoke dip). Handcrafted in black stoneware, this tongue-in-cheek chip-and-dip will get the party conversation started.
The message is clear. Dig right in! Our handcrafted black stoneware snack bowl has a clever surprise for whoever reaches the bottom first.
Spread the word: It's time to nosh. Handcrafted in black stoneware, this festive serving platter offers words of encouragement so guests will dig in and get the party started.
Spread the word: It's time to nosh. Handcrafted in black stoneware, this novel cheese board is all set to serve up a hunk of the good stuff. Add crackers, look smart.
Our leaf branch serving pieces juxtapose hand-shaped and finished woods with cast aluminum fittings, so no two are exactly alike. But their traditional shapes and proportions help them work easily with all your favorite pieces. Your serve.
There are ho-hum serving pieces, and then there are the ones you reach for time and again. Our Wave Bowls definitely drift into the latter category. Created by Indian artisans of natural mango wood, each handcrafted piece is unique, with a rustic edge and freeform shape that showcases the smooth wood grain beautifully.
As part of the rosewood family, sheesham wood is richly hued, fine-grained and durable—a favorite material for traditional artisans. Polished to a smooth finish, this handcrafted platter is suited for serving dry food (think crusty bread wrapped in a festive kitchen towel) or as a cheese board with crackers. To maintain the beautiful, one-of-a-kind finish, hand-washing is recommended.
As part of the rosewood family, sheesham wood is richly hued, fine-grained and durable—a favorite material for traditional artisans. Polished to a satiny finish, this handcrafted bowl is suited for serving dry food or displaying faux fruit or decorative spheres. It also makes a particularly thoughtful housewarming or wedding gift.
There’s temptation under this dome and everyone can see it. The handcrafted mango wood base and glass dome top provide a wonderful way to display brownies, tarts, tortes and treats. Mmmm, now that’s tantalizing.
Napa Valley has long stood for high craftsmanship and honest value. This new tidbit bowl combines that handsome, handcrafted esthetic with sturdy design. Perfect for appetizers, nuts, morsels and snacks, this handcrafted little bowl is perfect for passing around or sitting prettily. Which it does, thanks to its richly grained sheesham wood.
Our leaf branch Hawthorn serving pieces juxtapose hand-shaped and finished woods with cast aluminum fittings, so no two are exactly alike. But their traditional shapes and proportions help them work easily with all your favorite pieces. Your serve.
Our leaf branch Hawthorn serving pieces juxtapose dazzling hand-shaped and finished woods with cast aluminum fittings, so no two are exactly alike. But their traditional shapes and proportions help them work easily with all your favorite pieces. Your serve.
Let them eat cake. But first, tease them by displaying it on this handsome, handcrafted mango wood stand with a clear glass dome top. Its clean lines make your dessert the star. So tantalize their eyes before you serve up the first bite. It will be the best dessert. Ever.
Let them eat cake, stacks of cookies or cupcakes. But first, tease them by displaying it on this handsome, handcrafted mango wood stand with a clear glass dome top. Its clean lines make your dessert the star. So tantalize their eyes before you serve up the first bite. It will be the best dessert. Ever.
As part of the rosewood family, sheesham wood is richly hued, fine-grained and durable—a favorite material for traditional artisans. Polished to a satiny finish, this handcrafted cutting board works wonders in the kitchen and only gets better with age.
We like to put nature on a pedestal. Literally, in this case. This particular piece is handcrafted out of mango wood by a skilled artisan, with slight variations dictated by the wood itself. That makes each pedestal unique—and singularly beautiful.
We love the curves that nature can throw. Literally, in this case. This particular piece is handcrafted out of mango wood by a skilled artisan, with slight variations dictated by the wood itself. That makes each piece unique—and singularly beautiful.
With our oversized cutting board, you can chop veggies or serve appetizers in a big way. Handcrafted of thick mango wood and sheesham, it’s practical yet attractive enough to display when not in use. Just find the right place for it to make a sizable statement—hanging on the kitchen wall or leaning against your backsplash.
Serve your tasty salads in a bowl that reflects your good taste. Isla is handcrafted of durable mango wood and is as beautiful as it is functional. Toss a Caesar salad with plenty of parmesan. Or add whole apples, oranges and bananas to Isla, and your bowl just became a casual centerpiece. Now, that's a bowl that serves.
Made of durable mango wood, our Isla tiered server is as beautiful as it is functional. Use it to present your cupcakes, cookies, petits fours or other beautiful creations and make it easy for your guests to help themselves—which helps you enjoy your party even more. Now, that's a server providing service.
You can easily take our Teak Cutting Board from the kitchen counter to the serving table and make party prep simpler and more stylish. Handcrafted to celebrate the expressive grain of natural teak, each cutting board is unique and eye-catching. The only thing that can make it more appealing is a pile of sliced cheese.
We like to put nature on a pedestal—literally, in this case. Crafted of acacia wood by a skilled artisan, with slight variations dictated by the wood itself, each platter is unique—and singularly beautiful.
Prized for its durability, color and interesting grain patterns, olive wood is a great resource for crafting household items. So we did just that with this rustic cheese board, carved and stained by hand in Greece. It proves that style really can match substance.
Can’t decide what munchies to serve at Easter brunch? We’ll make it easy for you. Our handsome Sawyer server is crafted by hand from rich mango wood with a natural lacquered finish, supported by a steel frame. Six individual compartments give you the flexibility to serve crackers, chips, candy—or all of the above.
With salt in the air and sand beneath your toes, it really is hard to beat the beach life. Until you add snacks. Our paddle-shaped platter is crafted by hand from handsome mango wood, highlighting the natural richness of the grain. It's perfect for serving appetizers after a long day of fun in the sun.
Goin’ fishin’ at Pier 1? Bring home a prized catch—our handsome platter. It’s crafted by hand from mango wood to showcase the richness of the grain, with a distressed blue frame of fins. It's perfect for serving snacks and appetizers, or even hanging on your wall as a unique statement piece.
Our handsome, handcrafted Napa server features two mango wood trays with thick rims to prevent food from sliding. Whether you're serving fruits, vegetables or breads, it looks good doing it.
Eat, drink and be lazy with our cool, contemporary, mango wood lazy susan. This traditional piece features a modern design that looks perfect placed front and center on your kitchen counter or dining room table, and you’ll never again have to pause the conversation to pass the salt and pepper.
Your snacks and eats and twice as appealing when served in your favorite citrus fruit. Our citrusy pineapple bowl is expertly crafted from sheesham wood and features a smooth wood grain, lending a natural look that fits with any serving style.
Can’t decide what munchies to serve at your party? We’ll make it easy for you. Our handsome server is crafted by hand from rich mango wood with a natural lacquered finish. Five individual compartments give you the flexibility to serve crackers, chips, veggies, candy—or all of the above.
Form meets function: Make condiments fabulously accessible with our handcrafted, sheesham wood Lazy Susan. Bring it out to make your next event run even more smoothly, or use it in your cupboard to keep your spices readily at hand.
Also known as Indian rosewood, sheesham wood is prized for its striking marbleized grain and extreme durability. Our handsome, handcrafted Napa server features two sheesham trays divided by a wrought iron handle to pick up and go.
Our gorgeous piece will serve with style and only gets better as it ages. Constructed of sheesham and mango woods, its chevron pattern showcases the gorgeous grains and contrasting colors of the hand-carved woods. Attractive enough on its own to display when not in use.
Prized for its density and hardness, acacia wood is suited to serve you well in the kitchen. Our salad bowl is masterfully efficient and looks good, too. It makes an excellent gift for anyone who enjoys creating a bountiful, homemade salad.
Elevate at-home entertaining with our Gabrielle cake stand. Crafted of glass and etched mango wood, it’s perfect for putting desserts on offer.
Elevate at-home entertaining with our tiered Gabrielle server. Crafted of etched mango wood on a well-turned spindle, it’s perfect for putting appetizers and desserts on offer.
Elevate at-home entertaining with our Gabrielle platter. Crafted of etched mango wood, it’s perfect for putting appetizers and desserts on offer.
Our handsome, handcrafted Napa server features three sheesham wood trays on an iron frame. Whether you're serving fruits, vegetables or breads, it looks good doing it.
Prized for its density and hardness, mango wood is suited to serve you well in the kitchen. Our cutting board, in the silhouette of a rooster, is a multitasker that's functional and decorative. You can display it on a plate stand when you aren't using it to chop vegetables, serve cheese and crackers or make sandwiches.
With classic good looks inspired by Mother Nature, our glass serving bowl depicts the changing colors of autumn's maple leaves.
With classic good looks inspired by Mother Nature, our glass platter depicts the changing colors of autumn's maple leaves.
Give your guests a taste of coastal living with our starfish-inspired serving bowl. Crafted of aqueous glass with metal starfish embellishments, it’s an homage to seaside style.
Set your style on course for the coast. Our glass starfish-inspired platter is highlighted by a gleaming turquoise patina. Perfect for giving at-home entertaining a beach house vibe, whether you're living seaside or farther inland.
Our tiered server puts a new twist on entertaining. Handcrafted of glass and wrought iron with a golden lacquered finish, it elevates at-home celebrations. Perfect for displaying light bites atop your table or buffet.
Furnish your desserts with a home all their own. Our hammered glass cloche creates a decorative showcase for displaying your most prized recipes under glass. Group a pair or trio for a charming culinary presentation.
Is your sweet tooth craving cakes, tortes and tarts? Put goodies on display with our hand-painted glass cake stand. The floral dome nestles neatly into the stand, creating a sturdy stage for decadent desserts.
Home entertaining takes inspiration from the garden with beautiful blossoms. Our hand-painted platter showcases your culinary creations—from appetizers to desserts.
Our frosted, hammered glass serving bowl is generously sized to accommodate any and all kinds of pasta, just like the ones your grandmother would make.
A gorgeous marriage of luminous amber glass supported by handcrafted, wrought iron frames, the result is so deliciously different that you'll be tempted to use it on countless occasions. We won’t say anything if you decide to leave it on display—some things are just too lovely to be put away.